I would like to call the attention to all the board committee chairs is our statement of district needs is due October 30th and last night we had a training.
I submitted this request to the executive committee to see if there is no objection And, you approve it as we do every year to close the office the day after thanksgiving that's great thumbs up any other suggestion or comments on the november calendar Yes, I know that election day is not a legal holiday, but it might be one.
It's an effective tool in ensuring that people show up , I think, that's an activity that needs to be taken seriously by the board by the executive committee by the board.
So I think that my work as the chair of the parks and cultural affairs committee is very important and for this reason I am remaining on the board.
My report wanted to list mention the inauguration of the soccer field here in highbridge, Okay, I report in michael I was just so happy to be there that I kind of hated myself, wonderful, and I will talk about that in my second, my report parks and cultural affairs committee, but my report, in my capacity in my former capacity as secretary of community board 12 is, As secretary of community board 12 Manhattan.
That is supposed to be unhackable by the russians, not to say the russians are going to hack our community board election, but you never know so, but you're scared, okay, all right, so we're gonna.
That is certainly a resource that ebenezer can connect you to as a model for a successful board election in this platform, with the consultation of our in-house council and all of these other regulating entities like to join the moments of thanking our comrade at borough president's office in honolulu and is, and for curtis young of public safety for his pointing out the problem with the potential taking of elections.
That is a critical number that if it comes through it's going to devastate our restaurant industry in other Manhattan, As, we know, they employ a lot of the local employees and for us that'll, be devastating.
That has been an issue and I'm sure that the city will address that when the time comes, but thus far it has helped a lot local, restaurants, and I hope it does continue with more regulations in place and implemented.
It was a busy summer, Like I know, for almost every committee.
I am not one to take a lot of time in this committee, but tonight I might need a few extra minutes at first again, because there were so many big things that happened.
A lot of the first meeting was spent, trying to communicate that we felt overall, that some of the main issues that were raised were recognized either already in the plan or recognized verbally by DOT.
There are a lot: There are issues with the street vendors that are there You have this bus way and impacts on small businesses, and while that is a terribly difficult, not you know not to untie, they have been.
The idea will be that as far as community board 12 is concerned, my guess is the DOT will be to us in no in the november tnt and therefore the november general, and that Moving on to city bike, as people may know, who have spent time between the southernmost portion of cb12 and 184th street, most of the stations have been installed.
Solutions did talk to me about speed, bump requests, but I just want to make people aware that speed bumps no longer come through the committee and people do those direct with DOT, but I'm, trying to keep in hand keep close to sort of what they're isolating most of what they seem to be identifying Coming to my meeting so with two big items on the agenda.
First was if people remember, we passed a resolution last spring with regard to pedestrian safety changes around the area of like 157 158, west of broadway and going out to riverside, and but there was a component of that proposal which would convert what is currently a two two-way street into a one-way street.
Well, people really stay in touch and on top of what's happening, so we had great engagement on the issue and again, I'm happy to provide further detail, but people should know that no resolution came out of that.
I. Don't know, question safety thing that you have to do: He feels like that's a good thing, because he has the more of the right people who are going to use the service in the right.
Beyond that, I went on to begin talking to some of our newest members about the process that will be going on in the coming months, essentially picking our own committees, individual capital and expense items, and that was pretty much it for us.
I think some of that is going to be taken care of as the weather gets colder, but we have a number of neighbors who have had a really hard time with that I've been working with curtis and the public safety committee with jennifer hoppa parks enforcement with the 34th precinct to you.
We send a representative on an ongoing basis so that they can share information about deployment and also hear people's feedback, not so that we turn every committee meeting into an undifferentiated, fetching session, but just so that that's another way for for parks enforcement to hear what people's issues are in terms of culture.
That may be more feasible that we can pick up on and during the course of that public hearing, tanya bonner had suggested to to ezra that the community board form a task force to continue to act on the issue and at that public hearing ellie said he would do so, but subsequent to the public hearing tanya and some of the other people from that group decided that they would prefer to have what they considered to be.
The thing that makes me crazy in this situation is that if it was a capital project, there would be that community liaison as reports to steve's, committee, and I, get copied on a lot of stuff as well about what's happening in a project.
You know the hospitals, community relations on this issue, I think, leaves much to be desired.
Well, my report, as you probably already everyone, so we, our community, discussed on a very important issue that everyone knows.
I think that it was that I commend my community for is for allowing this specifically or came up with the idea that having then just expressed next monday on the 21st, we know the mayor, along with other high-ranking leaders.
You know You know in the meantime, just think about it to see if you, if you want to have that, following in collaboration with the youth and education committee, perhaps maybe on October 13-- and this is my report and thank you.
And I would encourage you to ask the DOE in how many teachers, like actual teachers, not substitutes, are operating within the in school instruction because from my understanding, there's a big issue going on around there not being enough teachers, because a lot of them have opted out to only work virtually because of a prior condition, etc.
I, think all board members probably received an email from the department of city planning sometime in late June, whereby you know dcp stated their support for black lives.
Matter, and you know, for inclusion and equity in Well, not everyone, but a number of organizations are issuing their public statements, but I wanted to understand what city planning saw as some of the historical ways that planning and zoning was used to exclude and not to be inclusive, and so I invited initially, our two dcp reps In that conversation, I also reached out to our planning rep at the borough president's office.
The borough president office, to help us push that forward, and one of the things we probably want to pay attention to is the neighborhood planning and land use study that we worked on once again with city college back in 2007.
You know there is a lot of community opposition to that, and the question is whether the zoning calculations are correct, which, for the most part, you know, we've checked, we've been in touch with city planning and, with you know, the borough president's office.
The community board was asked to give an opinion on what the study area in the boundary should be, and we included the upper and lower drive, for you know reasons that if you look at the housing stock there, it is, as you know, older, as interesting as some of the buildings that are in the historic district landmarks, did not act on that.
Neither case, did either city agency give any attention to the resolutions passed by the community board more than a decade ago, and this is something where, once again.
That does explain a lot because it came up for amongst people on monday night, I guess just brief question is: Do you anticipate any issue with like in terms of the width of the street, that they'll just count the lower roadway like they're, not going to treat?
We have ariel from the controller's office, wanted to say: something, Sorry, guys, I'm, not sure if this is appropriate or not, because you move pretty quickly on these meetings, but I just had a question for debbie that I put in the chat in the beginning and didn't have a chance to ask when you spoke just if folks were concerned about the margaret corbin, not being an open street anymore, because I know some other areas have complaints about that.
You, know the long lines and that seniors and disabled have to stand in to be able to take care of their business and, after speaking, with domingo and with isidro, came back to committee and came up with a resolution to hopefully address this issue.
Could I, speak john mary's report, a comment, opinion or a question, a a comment and a suggestion for you great enough, I think what mary's resolution I think, hits on a very significant issue, which you know affects a lot of people.
There are some stores that do provide some advanced hours for seniors, but maybe not enough, And I think this is a very good issue which the community board can utilize to attract some attention to itself.
We should we should make a we should make something out of this issue and and try to let people know that we're advocating on their behalf.
My second thing mary, is that I'd like to talk to you about the this budget request of yours, because I think it may be duplicative of of the of what is has been the number one priority from the health and environment committee, and I, wouldn't want to divide the votes that or the ranking that's done by the community board members.
Well, I, mean, I think it's affected the mental health of people across the board, but let's work together on this all right I would definitely be able to support this resolution because I think it's needed.
I will remind them that you know this is a community board request and also will be a best practice for businesses, and I'm.
It's, a very good resolution, As, you all know, it's been a very busy summer with all of the situations happening around the community.
We'll try to address some of the issues we maintain communication with the people who established the noise group on facebook, claudia she's, been super helpful with updating me and informing me of what's going on with them, even though it's outside of the community board, I'm currently, I have also been working with the precincts trying to help localize situations with noise, be resolved like sort of a block by block type of approach, by referring people to the business and helping them to get in contact directly with the nco.
So, as you know, quality of life continues to be an issue in the community.
I did speak with steve simon a few weeks ago after his committee meeting, to come up with the resolution to put a little pressure on the agencies that will be responsible for these matters.
But we have to figure out a way to address this particular issue, because it was a large portion of the noise complaint conversation that I think we have not resolved just yet You said to me about this issue, so Because technically I was part of a situation that went down in one of the parks, and I myself heard an officer say: You have this crime spike, currently happening, and is it like it's like the pba is enjoying this because they go and endorse trump, but at the same time it's like they're, just chilling yeah, We did that did come up in our meeting this past month of the perceived public strike.
They'll come, but I think citizens are not getting that same sort of like individualized support when they need to for the particular issue.
You know about the resolution and many defense, so I think it's a good idea.
I. Think the similar concern that I have around the suggestion with the russell of next week for the general meeting is that it is a substantive amount of information to present that same night, where more members will probably want to support and make amendments and additions, If we can collect how we have done in the past some more of those recommendations that and kurt is concerned into a letter, because you know it's a substantive A lot of the work that we've been doing in the last couple of months.
Whereas that says, whereas the police were, you know, advised to do this top to bottom study and they submitted this report and they've asked for community input by from the public input by september.
You include and invest in some of the things in the resolved in curtis's second email, because I think that reasonable people can and do disagree on if this is a good plan.
We can at least agree that there are people, okay, that it might be a problem, and so I think that we'll be able to serve the community's interests and respond in a way that is thoughtful without having to get too into the weeds about agreeing.
I try my best to just pick out some of the main substance of the document, but I do think that having more people review it and more public input will be helpful not only to the committee, but The community overall.
It's an issue that the community board, I think, should consider I'm, bringing it directly to the executive committee just because I think, there's a particular time.
I think with the issue live I'd like to see the community board be in a leadership position on this That's why I'm bringing it directly to the executive committee Shouldn't it go to the parks committee and thanks for this And I would certainly be glad to work with that- I.
I think, unless it's a very time sensitive issue as the one that is presented liz, please calendar I'll, be glad to work with you, And I would like I'd love to have second tuesday of every month at 6, And I'll be more than happy to add this to the agenda.