That would be great, as you can tell on there, we'll be back in full session after starting in September, so our first full general board meeting will be via zoom, so we are going to continue to stay virtual, but that will be our first General board meeting of the 2020 2021 Community Board, season, okay and Shatik.
Manhattan bro president Gail Brewer was right, along with all the chairs and the community, with equal, concern, so I think going forward.
If you are able to come out and help out with any social distancing efforts on those streets or with those young people, you're encouraged to do so, especially this saturday, from 12 to six and when any of those locations.
Under, the you know, knowing that we might not have the same budget, because we actually ended up expending our entire budget for the previous year, but we are able to get some additional funds allocated to our budget after we let a staff member go.
You all recall that so some of the things that we spent money on during this pandemic was a live streaming camera to basically assist our office in live streaming, events etc and having and making sure that our meetings can be, you know, distributed acrosss social media.
So that way they can store documents that they may need on the external hard drive and still be able to access them remotely from home, an air purifier for the office for safety, when the staff does return to the office to work and If constituents return to the office instead of us, so that you know.
Basically, a budget request form for committee chairs and board members to complete in case they need to.
You know, I'm- excited that you did this report That's why I really wanted you to do this report, because I think it's important for the board members to hear the difference of amount of money we had last year and what we have this year.
If we do decide to do something that we'll be able to maximize that potential and not spend a lot of money on those things, because Joshua, I think committee chairs are used to having the 1500 per committee, but that will be something that will have to change that this year.
You also want to be very efficient in your planning and making sure that you know you're getting the best deal, you're, very you're, being very, I would say, very vigilant and how you spend the money and plan them and plan the event.
You know we have a lot of committees that sort of intersect with each other, like land use and housing and landmarks and preservation.
You know the budget talk, I'm still working remotely and we're not in the office.
Second present, so They discussed some of the issues on one of the issues that they said that they had concern concerns about the nonprofits that were serving the Harlem community and with the current economic state, and what's going on with Covid-19, they were just wondering how you know: they're good, because they've been around for a long time, but then there's other nonprofits that does not.
You, know hearing it from community members because, most of the time, we're always complaining about lack of parking.
Our community members have come out with initiatives to help clean up Harlem and everyone's been chipping in and doing their part, because if you know we do not have the budget we're not just going to sit around and The job not get done.
Does this every Tuesday morning or something like that, but just want to thank everybody in the community for coming together.
Everything from department of building, liens and summons that people received to you know they were not able to get a loan or they were able to get a loan or compliance issues with social distance.
Oh, they seem it's an open drug market, a lot of drug use, So, something that we going to have to look into with our public safety committee as well, and then have that meeting with them, as well as the 28th President.
Our own marquis harrison who our first vice chair, gave us some really good information, because he is, he teaches in our schools here in Harlem, as well as being an active member of the United Federation of Teachers Union, and so out of that meeting came that we would lend our voices to the voices that are out there already around letters to the mayor and the governor regarding the status or lack thereof of preparedness for our students to go back to school.
If anyone wants to register to hear the latest on, what's going on in school, openings with you know, outdoor learning, and all of that, you can find that on that meeting tomorrow, night.
Secondly, around the back to school event at the end of the board, year, I did work with Shatik Metro, because there was a lot of discussion around there, not being as much money.
If you want to you, can chime in that there should be a nurse in each school that can handle these kinds of things when the school year opens Marquis Why her question was she had heard that parents are being asked to take their own children's temperature before they come to school?
There's supposed to be a room: That's there where they're supposed to be individual, an individual in the building which could be an administrator and or most likely administrator, because no uft member would probably be the one Then the school nurse is going to be disper.
We looked at the sanitation at how dirty the streets, was, and then I do not know whether Dr Smith is on or not, but for the program that they're doing the three women at Mount, Morris Park, that is doing fresh vegetables and for their community.
Also, the second vice chair of the board, talking about requests for support from Linux Court Hdfc, I have been communicating with Latoya and emphasized to her that this is our executive committee meeting tonight.
I certainly want to make sure that this is on the agenda for the housing committee in September We will continue to address whatever concerns or issues that this particular hdfc may have and certainly would be prepared to fulfill a commitment I made in that meeting with the task force and that is to assist in outreach to you, know, elected officials.
You know group of residents within our community because they're homeowners and we have been promoting home ownership and really you know real permanency, And, so I'm going to commit Latoya and Vern, Maybe we can start with some of you, because we can certainly utilize outside people, as we've done.
Yes, I'd like to know if the housing committee can address the J-51 tax abatement and what other buildings are affected by that.
You know we'll Look at that question, but certainly welcome the opportunity for us to address that in our housing committee meeting in September to clarify what Karen is talking.
There is supposed to be receiving compensation and current residents who had their rents increased, are going to be see receiving hundreds of dollars in reductions in their rent, and it's like people were talking about when this came out that it's very likely that a lot of this is a situation for a lot of buildings, because pretty much every building that undergoes capital improvements in the city ends up applying for J-51 abatement and a lot of them.
With respect to what we were talking about in terms of hcfcs- That I better understand, it, we'll definitely make sure that we put that on the you know, agenda for further discussion.
I. Just would like to know what other buildings in our developments in CB10 are affected, and I think that same situation came up with devoid park a few years, ago.
I do not know if you've read the article where the mayor has said that that the that the Europe applications will be directed at communities that are greatly affected by Covid-19, and so I'm, anticipating a lot of rapid development beyond, what's already going on in the district as a justification for creating jobs and other things of that nature, so Community, planning and thinking about how to find enforceable community benefits will be very important in this sort of coast.
One of the goals of the land Use Committee for the fall is to really have people come to the table, Experts from HPD, Hdc and other agencies to really educate and inform us on the development, process, I'm, very passionate about the community, board, really understanding the development process and the benefits that they bring like jobs for our community and to really raise the profile of development in our area.
We also met with seneca village at our last meeting in August and they're, discussing the making of the exhibit as permanent and they're going to come back to us, hopefully in the September, to explain what their findings are for that we there's still an opportunity to accept to submit opinions on the brownfield repurposing at 280, West, 155Th, Street, and also for the vision 2020 plan.
At the executive committee meeting we talked about the Clemson University Urban Resiliency Graduate program.
So I'd like to ask the committee to vote on going forward with this project.
If you wanted to give people a chance- Can, you circulate this to the board now or on the entire board, tonight, or either first thing tomorrow morning Has this letter and they're able to either even develop questions in advance?
But, I, just feel that in this environment and in our community, I'm always concerned like as people are coming.
So I to me, personally, I would like to really read understand there are you know, And, like you said, if they're going to help to clear and clean and plan and organize, but I'm, you know just think that there are many people who are in tune and in touch, and maybe the resources are not there, but who are in tune and in touch with our community to get some comprehensive thing going, but I would have to read it and the way you explained it, But I'm, just concerned in terms of what reports are going to go, whether out about us with people who may not have the sensitivities and understanding.
We did address some of the issues that are going on 124Th Street, so we will circle back, and that means bringing in our health committee and Dr Dukes and starting those conversations that we had before about how to clean those streets and dealing with those facilities that are there.
I know we had talked about this very briefly, but we wanted to look at city complaints to see if there were any If that's to say, if people are just not complaining up here or do not know how to report, it I missed the thing you said before that we're talking about the open, streets, open restaurants and the loud music.
They want to make sure they're doing the right thing, but they're just trying to work with the agencies to get it.
I think that there's been more complaints about that than the noise because of just the general safety of the community, because those people that want to gather and be like that can go and infect other people.
I do not know if y' all work on that side with community Board, but they really need to be informed.
Since we have talked about it in terms of what's happening with restaurants, and you know in our area with noise or social distancing.
So I do not know if there's a some kind of letter or walkthrough or whatever we could do to talk to people, because if they really are doing stuff, they are going to get hit and they could potentially lose their liquor.
Deborah is working with her contacts, cc5 and cdc3 to write the letter, but she's also going to circulate it with the board and our committees.