So just a reminder to everybody that we are recording this and it will be posted on the website for open meeting law. It also gets transcribed. The other thing that gets recorded just so you're all aware is everything in the chat box. So the chat box is not private, even if you are privately chatting with somebody, it does get transcribed and recorded and downloaded to the file that we have so just a reminder that if you are joining us with video, you have to unmute yourselves by either holding the space bar down the whole time. You are talking and then releasing it or just clicking the little microphone icon to unmute yourself. If you're on the phone, which I don't think anybody, is it star six to unmute yourself and star nine to raise your hand and I see that Michelle has her hand up so I will unmute you Michelle. If you want to tell us, wait what yeah do you take notes? I, don't see Eric on area, ok minutes and then once the transcription downloads I can also send that to you. So that will help fill in sort of things. You might have missed so. Can I Michelle I sent out the agenda to everybody, so you should use that as a as the template. Okay, David Crane joined us as a attendee by accident, so I just promoted him to panelist, so we should be joining us shortly. Did you hear me about the minute? Michelle? Yes, okay, thank you. A body sounds so choppy. Is that okay? Is that normal I think it might be your audio specifically Alicia, because when you talk I get a lot of static but I don't get that with anybody else. Let's see what's going on here. Is that any better? No I'm! You hear me well, Trevor, I! Don't know why I'm sounding choppy to you! Maybe it's my headset but I saw in my ear I sound, clear, I, don't I, don't Pierce or anything I just got it. You sound fine! Tonight, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna, go ahead and get started. I want to thank everyone for attending tonight. I do realize that you could be anywhere but you're here. So thank you. We're going to have a vote for the approval of the minutes from last month's meeting motion to approve a second Paul haver. My everyone I need this for attendance. Can you see who's here to take attendance? I can't see it because I screen I, shared I, can't see Alicia Louis Coleman here present Michael Moreno, yes, Lisa, Kaplan, RDS, Michelle, Cooper Smith present time I knew it Megan joy. Maybe here again is here: yeah I was muted I'm a yes Bailey, yes, Jackie Wong, yes, Linda Jones, yes, Alexandra mother taught! Oh yes, Trevor Holland, Trevor, yes, David Crane, yes, I'll wrangle, yes and Lisa! Kaplan I see you on now. I was on and you counted me already. Oh I didn't hear you say yes, I'm, sorry, all right! Okay, all right! Thank you! Everyone! So we're just gonna go ahead and get started. Checking in with everyone. First I want to thank you and I want to acknowledge the workload that you're being dealt with right now. I know that many of you are doing different roles as your home. Some people are at work like myself. Some people are working from home. Some people are hardly working from home or don't have any work from home and I just wanted to take this opportunity just to acknowledge all of you for whatever you're doing right now. I know this is tough. We are all adjusting to this lifestyle that we are in right now and I know that it is going to get better eventually, but I just want to encourage you to continue the great work that you're doing whatever you're doing to stay well and I. Thank you. So a few things that I want to share with you today. First, we are in need of having maybe a few extra meetings per month and right now it looks like we are in need of having an additional executive meeting, because there's things that do come up as the days go on things happen. Things change, maybe one additional executive meet I noticed that there are a few other community boards that have added a few meetings if needed, and if we don't need it, then we don't need it. But if we do I'd like for us to have at least one meeting executive meeting in the beginning of the month and one towards our normal three weeks or one week before the full board meeting- and this is just in the midst of the storm- that we're in right now so I'm- hoping that this will go at least until 6:30, at least until the end of June, and so like I said. If we don't need it, then you'll get an email and we'll cancel it. But for right now we'll schedule an extra zoom meeting and I'll figure out a date in that Susan and I can talk about that. Susan, I, Michael and Lisa. Maybe can go over possible dates and we'll shoot it to you and let you know what extra night that will be for another zoom meeting for exec and just or at least until further notice, but right now, I'm aiming for it 6:30, which is June. 30Th. There's also a need for executive order to happen and there's times when I may need to make a decision or Susan may need to make a decision and we're not able to meet. But we have to have things happen. The board has to continue to run I'm at work from 7:00 in the morning to 3:00 in the afternoon and so stuff happens. A lot of things happen in the daylight hour before I get off work and so I'll just give you an example of something that happened. So we won $6,000 yay for us right. So we won a contest for papal recycling that the borough president did. We came in second place, and so we got the $6,000 that we needed to have used immediately. They needed the money to be spent at a community board, a community-based organization, and so Susan and I didn't want to make that decision on behalf of the board, because it is it's tough to decide how to spend six thousand dollars and get it to a community-based organization that is doing Covid-19 related work. So we basically said: hey, there's some community. Can you give us the suggestion of some organizations? That's within our district, because we couldn't use my church. We couldn't use Eric's organization because we sit on the exec right, and so we asked them to come up with some organizations that they already had in on a list, and you know they named one of the organizations, and so we went with their suggestion was a Hamilton Madison house. So congratulations to them. They received the 6,000 dollar reward award on behalf of the community board, so things like that do come up, and so I am just saying to you all. There may be times when decisions have to happen and it has to happen right away and we can't meet so I'm. Just asking you on your behalf. If you will allow me to do that and allow Susan to do that, as well as an executive order, we have a raised hand from Trevor. Yes go ahead, Trevor aye, they are doing this every quarter. In other words, is this going to continue I'm? Not? No! It's not! Okay, because they've done this at least twice. We first of all, we didn't even enter the contest, it's just, but this the reason it had to happen immediately was because they were using this to ever. To promote. Work was on New York one today and they were using this to promote nonprofit work, and so they needed, like they told us one day, and then they needed a decision the next day. But if I could just give a little bit more context, it wasn't like all the CBO's were possible. What they said is they wanted us to pick one of the CBO's that was working with the get food initiative in our community, or so they gave us a list of organizations that were already working with them and we picked out the ones that our local organizations and said choose one of these local. It turned out to be three: it was Hamilton, Madison, D, remember the other ones. Alicia was like a soup kitchen that we never recognized. We hadn't seen them before, but there were yeah, but one of them was a soup kitchen that we didn't recognize. No I understand that. But my question is a little more specific, because this was the paper challenge which we had discussed and exact a few a while ago. We kind of never picked a CBO, and this is my point. Is this? Isn't the first time they've awarded money? This is just the first time we've come in second place. They usually I. Think cb1 came in first of the previous award session, so I'm asking. Are they still doing this paper challenge? Okay? So if they're still doing this paper challenge, can we discuss at some point in exact, cuz I? Think it's every quarter? What CBO's we think us, so we don't. So we avoid a situation of where you're forced to make a decision or we throw it back to them. No, that's the issue. It won't happen again. It was an emergency because of the pandemic. They wanted an immediate decision to get it on TV, no Susan I understand but you're, not listening to what I'm saying this is the second time they've made the award see B one word the first time we discussed this in exec we were a little hesitant to pick a CBO. So my question is: are they continuing the paper challenge because the money wasn't just for pandemic? The money was based on how much way she disposed of or something how much ways he understand that the choice was because of the pandemic. Okay. So can I I'd like to introduce your just to explain something so Trevor to your point. The program probably will continue. Who knows, but the reason that it was a rushed decision this year this time for this quarter- or this was the garnish via Kovac related charity in the past, when CB one-one, they didn't have to give them a decision in 24 hours. They can graph time to decide. So that's why Susan keeps saying that it won't happen again, because if we do win a future challenge, we're gonna have more time to actually possibly convene a meeting and have the exact discuss on you. My point exactly where we had this in front of the exec before and we sort of punted it and didn't discuss what should happen. I'm saying at some point, so we don't have 24 hours or 72. We discuss who we think, because we didn't come up with what the CBO we discussed. Who should be that recipient? Okay, so I didn't want to talk about this tonight because it went on our kind of like a virtual parking lot. We remember that wonderful thing that we discussed about when we get money what to do with it. Well, we never finished that wonderful idea of what to do with the money it kind of sat. There may work on it and we all kind of hummed and hard over it and it just went there, and so it was never promoted on our website, but we did create something and it is there and eventually we have to revisit it and go back to it. But right now we're not doing that right now. We're gonna have to wait a minute and let's handle the things that are the most important but Trevor for your just for what you're saying yes, we do have a policy, we do have something, and but at this moment we were not able to use it because we never promoted it. We never got it out there to the public, no I understand if I'm saying we need to discuss in exact at some point what we're going to do about this paper challenge. If we win again or any other type of right, so in the future, what we need to do is go ahead and promote the thing that we already have in place. That's what we need to do. Okay, so a couple of things: people because I'm sharing my screen I do not see everybody's video. So if you're trying to speak and raising your hand, I might not speak, see you if you're just raising your hand on the camera, you need to use the functions within zoom. To tell me that you want to speak. I can see Susan and I see her with our hand up, so we can go to Susan, and then we have David Crane and Lisa Kaplan raise their hands so I think. The reason we refused Trevor is because you referring to the paper challenge what the issue referring to is being able to give donations. I think it was Nike actually last time that we were trying to figure out where to give the money. We've never had the opportunity for the paper challenge. In this case it wouldn't have mattered because they wanted us to use a specific group that was working with get food, but you're absolutely light in general. In order to direct money that occasionally will come to us is something we should deal with when this is all over, because we have the beginnings of dealing with it. All right, David, yeah I was just gonna say what Susan had just said that this time they sprung a restriction on us. So we could not have pre-selected, but I was support the general idea of revisiting completing it thanks Lisa. So sorry, I just wanted to understand the implications of the original statement that Alicia made. What are the parameters that were granting her or Susan ability to make a decision without consulting us? Was it just that one case, or is she asking us to do something? Over and above I am NOT asking for I always will at least speak to Alicia and Michael. So I think it's more concerning Alicia. So can you explain Alicia what you meant in terms of what are the parameters under which you'd make a decision without consulting yes, so it would be like if the mayor's office called and they needed an answer to a question that maybe have already been voted on out on our website or something like that resolutions, or things like that and I am not able speak to that capacity, or it might be something that can be easily answered without you know us all having to get together. I mean, like questions, come up or decisions that have to be made similar to this decision that we had to do with the find a group of people that need something or whatever you know like anything like that. It wouldn't be anything of a major cause. If it's something of a major like a resolution that we need to write, then of course we need you to meet about it, I'm never going to do anything without having to meet with you all as far as something major. But if it's something like this is something that you know, we both felt very uncomfortable about making the decision. So we let them make the decision on our behalf, based upon the three groups that you know, we chose that we're in our district, so I don't know, I really intended to find yeah. I, really don't think. There's gonna be much. That will require I, really, don't know, I mean yeah, I, think we'll just have to come up and then we'd have to just I'd have to maybe just say, I'll shoot you an email or I'll. Let the exact know, because we can't meet because of open meeting laws. We can't have these. You know long drawn-out emails, because then I'm now we're having a meeting. If there's a back-and-forth going on, then it's considered to be a meeting. So I have to be very careful because the line is very, you know. It's very gray: the area is very great. Can I just finish I? What I'd like to say, then, is that I don't feel like we should take any action or give you any direction. That said, that says that you can expand your authority I think what we should do is just acknowledge that there may be situations like this and that you have a responsibility, as you have responsibly done this time to come back to us and report. If you hit anything that gives you a sense that you may have done going slightly outside of what your normal okay, that makes sense, just promoted, Eric Diaz from attendee to panelists, so we should be joining us. Oh great yeah, just some I agree with Lisa I mean I, think we're all you know in general, with anybody in power hesitancy about executive authority. But you know these are special times and I think as long as you're not making any decisions that go against what we've voted on or we've taken a position on, then it's fine as long as they're. You know they're kind of minor things, but I agree, I, don't I, don't think we should like do we need to like set something in stone that like for the pandemic, you have certain executive authority, I, don't think we do right and another item that I wanted to talk about was I asked everyone to come up with some ideas of policies that we may need to create during this time. So I think we reviewed having the exertional executive meeting. We also talked about having to make an executive order decisions. Was there anything else that you guys? Think of that? We should be thinking of right now, because the office really needs some direction as to what it is. We would like them to do during this time. Susan has her hand up you're. You were going to speak about when we were going to hold meetings and when we weren't for committee meetings right. So that's the last thing I wanted to talk about. That's the other item that I have also Susan. That's the only that was the only policy thing that I'm specifically asked for. Okay, specifically so yes, so I did mention it last month at exact, but I want to just reiterate that we will be having meetings again as needed. I know that there are times that stuff is going to come up. I know that for the month of May right now it's SLA landmarks and maybe land use. Did we decide on land use being a meeting that we were going to have yet? Okay. So currently it's just SLA landmarks, executive and full board and executive. We are going to say we're. Gonna have two meetings for the month of May for right now, if we don't need the second meeting, then we'll cancel it like I said, but you should be prepared to have another executive meeting because stuff will come up yes, so that was that, was it just making sure that we're meeting as needed and that we're not having people held up for long lengths of time in meetings and I wanted to correct something. Also publicly SLA I know that you need to run a little longer because your meetings are on zoom' and I would never limit the amount of time that you need to meet with the applicants for the SLA items that you're seeing and I want to commend you for doing a great job at the moment that you're dealing with all of this stuff, because I know it is difficult to meet with applicants on zoom' and then having to each item needs to be talked about, so I do want to come in Alexandra and I'm, sorry, Alex and her team. In also, let's see one last thing, Anisha has been appointed. The SLA chairperson, as megan, is stepping down in the month of May I'm. Sorry, not SLA. My apologies for the record strike that that's economic development, as did she has making joy and stepping down. She didn't hang on her phone Anish. Are you there? Are you still there I'm here? Oh thank you. So much so I want to just officially announce her for everyone. That does not know Anisha I want to do all of you. I encourage you to get to know her she's been with us for a little while she's been under Megan's wing, and she has really been doing great work. If Megan wants to say a few words to announce, Anisha yeah Anisha is acted as my vice chair now for the last, maybe eight months, maybe 10 months and she's been great. We, you know, we work hand in hand together now and so I think it's gonna make an easy transition. I I didn't reapply to be a full board member this year. So that's 12 years done for me, but I plan on reapplying as a public member, so that I can just sort of ease that transition a little bit more. But my knee is gonna, be fantastic in the role better than I am and I just want to say. Thank you to Megan for supporting me and guiding me as being a you know, newer member to the board and I'm excited to take on this role and I'll still be working quite closely with Megan to through this transition period. So I appreciate your patience with me. This is awesome. I mean I. Thank you so much I know that everybody's going through so much, and this is like a transition. We don't even know who the new members are going to be for full board. Yet I know we are expecting them to arrive relatively soon within the next two weeks. So, let's see what that looks like I, don't know. Michael have you heard anything from borough board this week was mostly about how the community boards are dealing with direct services in their districts and whatnot, so nothing about new board appointments, but we're supposed to know by May. First we'll see if the borough president keeps to that deadline. I guess are we transitioning into my report now? Yes, we are. Let's go right into your report, saying upcoming meetings and the limit. You know that we're only going to meet as needed it as necessary. One of the things that we discussed that we're going to ask all the chairs to do is that if your committee is not meeting in any given month, if you would at least take the time 10 minutes 20 minutes. However long it takes to check in with all of your committee members, you know not necessarily well this check, but just to check in to make sure you know see how they're doing see if there's any issues they're having related to the community board or things that meet that they want to bring up. Since your committee isn't meeting, if your committee is meeting- and you are seeing a member not attending you know commonly, then I would also ask you to check up with them as well, too, just to make sure everything's, okay with them. In addition to checking in with your members, the other thing we're going to ask all the chairs to do is the you know. Life goes on, unfortunately, during the pandemic and a lot of other city agencies are sort of figuring out how to conduct business as usual, and so is the federal government, and that means the Census. It's still a very important thing to do so. Gale has asked all of community boards to reach out to every single one of their members to make sure that their members have completed the census. So we are putting that on the chairs and we're asking the chairs to reach out to all the members of their committees to make sure that they've also completed the census. If you need any information about where the link is or how they fill out the census, you can always just reach out to the offices or just google a census to find it very easily other than that. The only other thing for my report really is I've just been spending a immense amount of time dealing with the technology involved in us meeting virtually so just you know, excuse my ignorance. If you get more than one message from me about something going on, we have transitioned some of our meetings into a different platform within zoom, which is the webinar platform, which is how we're meeting tonight, which means that you all have to be invited by email to join the meeting. You can't just join it publicly if you join it publicly you're put in sort of this viewer category where you can't actually comment or video or speak until I move you into that. So just keep an eye out for other emails. For me about meetings. You might notice that when you've got the reminder for this meeting, there was a whole list of meetings under it and that's because the way that the system is set up, the only way for me not to have to enter all of your emails every time I want to have a meeting with you is to set it up as a recurring meeting so I just had the system set this meeting and our full board meeting up as recurring meetings. So you might see a whole list of dates that are on there. That doesn't necessarily mean that that's a date we're going to meet it's just that's the only way I could get the system to not have to make me put in 50 email addresses every time. I want to have a full board member full board meeting. There are some social media updates, but I will wait until that is later on in the agenda and there's two raised hands one from Linda and one from Jackie. So go ahead. Linda you there just hold the spacebar to unmute yourself. Uh-Huh, okay, sorry, yeah, so I'm curious about running my course. My meeting will be very small. Do I just run a zoom meeting myself do I need I, can do it for you, depending on what it's scheduled either myself or Clint, are both trained and how to run the meetings so either one of us can do it. Joe Kern's, who you'll hear about a little bit later? We can also train him he's offered to help in help as well. So you'll have one of us helping you can you could train me too. I mean I, do a lot of them for other purposes already so I'm. Thank you like that. Yeah Jackie, yes, I'm, just wondering if I organize a in for most zoom happy hours with my committee, members do I ballet in the open meeting laws or you should be fine, so you cannot discuss community board anything. This did come up with the lawyers spoke to us. You know years ago now like, for instance, we can't have a holiday party and the public is not invited to that, because we don't, as a group, discuss politics. Okay, so that means I could I should probably check in them like individually and be very diligent about pointing out. We are not talking about that Euler. We are not talking about, etc. Okay, thank you. That's the end of my report. Until we get to yeah, do you want I still have the excel sheet? Why don't you that summary page would be good I'm gonna stop sharing for a second. You can start talking, while idea. Yeah I went through an analysis of the 50 members and their attendance at the full board meetings, as well as all of their committee assignments, including the executive committee, and by the way I'm going to some time and suggest a new format Susan if you'd be willing to consider it for whoever enters the attendance so that we wouldn't have to do this computation, it would do it automatically I think it was really time to do it. The way it's laid out now, but the bottom line was and you'll see it in a minute that there were five people that are exceeded our guideline. More than thirty me missing more than 33% there was one person that just slipped by at 33%, but the others ranged from 55% missing there. We go down to 35% and it's the folks here on this that are highlighted in blue. Can you scroll down a little bit? You see two now and they're the other three should I read the so I have drafted letters which, as you recall, there's kind of a two-step process that people are given. These are warning letters that say that folks missed its six-month. It's during this past six months from October 2019 to March of 2020 and that they exceeded the number of excused absences, but they have three months to improve their attendance and then we'll do another computation for the new period, and if there are over thirty three, then they're good to go no further action, so they have drafted these letters. I did catch a typo again on the last one. On this roses and I'll add in who appointed him. I didn't have that information, so I'll send that letter drafted that letter again, it's written under a useless signature and I'd appreciate it. If the board could send them out, I'd, rather not send them for my personal email, but you want me to I will but I don't see why the board Nitra always said this about okay, great, just a quick question, because I know I'm gonna hear some or get some emails from this person. Josephine realized I know she was out for medical reasons brewing for at least two months, I just I'm, assuming that was taken into account when the attend I, don't think so, I didn't see any I didn't see. Anything other than absences am I wrong, Susan. So there's no way they could be. The bylaws provide that if you are going to be out for medical leave, that you send a letter to the chair and she acknowledges and grants it, it's always been a very specific guideline. Now. What we did discuss is that when the executive committee discusses the absences, they can take that into consideration, but there is no way when we actually take attendance. It's the person is either there or they're. Not there. You know. Are they if they're on leave because they applied to the chair and we're granted leave, then that would be noted, but you're saying you will be noted when we discuss an exactor would be noted when she takes the attendance one. If she had used the bylaw procedures and taken leave, it would have been noted as leave on the attendance. However, and that did not happen, there is a second option. When the executive committee discusses the absences, they can discuss the extenuating circumstances. We have another raised hand from Alex, so does Jonathan get treated differently from the other ones, because I remember that he also was a past violator of the attendance rules. Basically, what will happen- and this is what we did last time -- is that so this first letter that they're getting is basically their warning letter that says that they have a three month period to correct their attendance. Now, it'll be interesting as that three month period constitutes a time where a lot of committees aren't meeting so there so who we actually see how this plays out, but they are during that three-month period if they do not correct their attendance, and they still have over 33% of absences then is when Bayer brought in to discuss it with the executive committee, so in Jonathan's case last time around when he got the warning letter, he corrected to the point where we didn't need to bring him in to the executive committee. So if he does that again, the same thing will happen if he does not correct and he comes in, the executive committee can take into account that this is his second time in a row having a chemist's issues. Okay, thanks and we have a raised hand from Alisha. Okay, so I know that we have mr. Thomas's on here. Mr. Rosa, so he's a new. He filled in a position for someone that left right. So when did he come on Susan? Do you remember what day it was I? Don't have him tap my hands. Have the attendance sheet shows when he came on yeah I can look it up. I wanted its first meeting that we took into account was January okay, so this is going from January's date that he has this attendance issue. It only counts when he was a member starting in January. Okay, so does this mean that he hasn't been in attendance at his committee meeting according to the records here, I'm looking at my own copy? Now he often comes late. Yes, he's often late. Oh, he missed a first vote, he's what he's on your committee yeah? Okay, all right, so he did that at full board too Oh as well. So it's probably good to those halves that add up mm-hmm-hmm, okay, all right David Crane did you want to speak yeah no I was double count, never mind any other questions about the attendance. No and I see de Maris's back up there again, I'm gonna, stop sharing this. You have anything else to report on. That's it! Okay! Thank you. Lisa I know that was very tedious. Okay, it's mr. Hewitt on the line to see you on the phone I. Don't believe he is a list, no okay, so treasurer's report is gonna, be bypassed, but I did have a conversation with him just so everyone knows. I spoke to mr. Hewitt about going over the discretionary funds, and also this account that we have call friends, I, know Lisa, you know and David you know also about the friends account so I'm gonna. Let Susan go ahead and report on the budget, because it we may need to really look into that friends account for some assistance. It's not a city account and I'll, let maybe David or Lisa. You would like to explain during our old business segment. We could talk about that. Okay, let's go on to the district leadership report. I'm the district managers report. Sorry! No! We need to go back to the treasurer's report. Yeah! Okay, can you hear okay, so I don't have to press the spacebar so about two or three weeks ago we got a letter from OMB the Office of Management and Budget, telling us about the PEG program, the program to eliminate the gap. They had told us that we would have money taken out of our budget for the next fiscal year, but not the current one. However, we are having money taken out of the current one and Michael. You might want to put the budget on the shared screen so they're taking so they sent us a letter which I had forwarded to the chair vice chairs and treasurer saying that they were going to do this so they're taking four thousand dollars out of our salary account this year. We are fine because for two reasons, OMB always puts extra money in personal services, because some agencies have overtime. We usually just move it out to our general supplies, so this year it will go for the pay. Also. We have that one-shot deal from the council this year, so we're fine. This year, however, they're taking 8,000 out next year, which is a really large amount, I'm sure not going to get money from the council again on, because the city's broke 8,000 out of our budget doesn't let us buy a pencil now at the last exec I had said that I would ask for discretionary funds from both council members. I did do that. They both said fine. However, we don't know, there's been talk of curtailing the council's discretionary funds, so I do not know if we will have enough money or not so just two on the budget sheet. There's not a lot that you know. If anybody has questions they're always happy to answer, but there's not a lot. You need to pay attention to I will say as far as this year with the council grant the City Council directed us to do something we never had to do before, and that would subtract that money separately. So that's why, on the budget sheet in front of you, it says encumbered money on tap. That is a regular other than personal services where it says council grant that is tracking for the one-shot deal. However, if you go to the bottom of the sheet, you will see a couple of other funds. It says rollover account. What some of you may remember is that when I first became district manager- and we were getting some donations from film companies and that sort of thing I did what the city wants us to do, and I created an extra account with the city that, unlike our budget, that money is ours year after year, so we can roll that over, which is why I call it that I stopped doing that, because there's a lot of restrictions on it and it makes it difficult for us to spend the money then, where it says cb3 accounts. Some of you will remember that after 9/11, we got I think was fifty thousand dollars from the Red Cross. So there's still that seven thousand dollars there, which we can spend that is being held by university settlement as our fiscal conduit and then you will see the Friends of account. The Friends of is a group formed by community board three. We should discuss that when our meeting ends. We should call a friends up meeting and discuss that board. Members need to become members of it. I hope David can explain that, but I just want to say is right. Now no one's paid attention to that for a number of years. We need to now, because we may need to use that money next year and we have to have everything in order so that we can spend the money. So that's it budget. Does anyone have any questions about the budget issue? Trevor has his hand up and I will also announce that Herman has joined us as well. Just a quick question on the one shot: it are you and I'm. Just looking at half the sheep trying to split this you're saying at 24,000 is still left with me one shot. That is true. We were going to no it's more than that. Actually, mr. 24,000 plus right below, where it says 2000 as we were going to hire a number of consultants, threats for the school paper and a number of other things, and we couldn't find anybody so that money is there now of that 24,000. You know last year, under the one shot, we've got new computers and a lot of things we have some things we actually want to spend it on is just very difficult to do that at home. So ed and I have been talking. What for one thing, when we buy things now, I have to send a heaven-sent tonight. So there's a few things like I want to get another laptop to be prepared for more work at home, but we have other money that the board can spend alright. So for that 24 plus does it does it still have a deadline date of June 30th? It must be spent by June 30th. The products must be delivered by June 30th or the work must be done by June 30th. Some agencies and groups are facing the fact that they're taking back some of this money, is there any chance that some of this they try and come and take some of this money. No because we gave back the council member grants thousand because we got this, but no one has talked at all about taking this money back I would say, find a way to fund something before anyway, Meghan joy, Susan. My question is for the Friends of account: what's the restrictions on sponging that I said there's a resolution, we have it well, it needs two people to sign an okay. It depends on the amount of money whether two members have to sign okay or whether the whole group must vote, but it's basically I, don't think, there's any restrictions on how we spend the money, but if over a certain amount the whole the whole Friends of group would have to vote on it. I sent the resolution to Michael and Alicia earlier I didn't send it to the whole board. Okay, I, just we've been sitting on that money for a while, and you know, I think needs are gonna, be really great in the next six months to a year. We should make some sort of commitment to spending a certain portion of that money and I'll. Tell you why. The reason is because I've been so tight with it at times Bennett during 2008. We had this money a long time. You know we have spent it and after 2008 we had money cut out of our budget, we needed it. Then we used it for supplies and that sort of thing, first of all, I, wouldn't spend down the Red Cross money first, because that money should have been spent a long time. Okay, wait! I'm! Sorry, oh this is money that we can spend on us on cv3. This is it was money again. You need every penny. Sorry 2008! We needed to go into our extra accounts to have paper and ink, and what I'm saying is that next year we may need to do the same thing: I'm glad that money is there, there's our money to spend on us nice top in a tightwad. Any other questions for the treasurer's report. Well, the can you hear me Harmon we can okay. The only thing is that we have to form that committee and we have to meet which we have not been meeting, and so that's what has to be done. First, to Stuart so far that those funds is not necessarily of the spending like Susan saying is mainly when it's necessary. So there is no push to spend that money. It would be the Red Cross money, also under the auspices. It's that's not under friendship, no, not friends, but the community board itself. Yes, yeah, okay, so what I was suggesting? You can't do Friends of work during a community board meeting. What I was suggesting is the minute you during this meeting. You call the people, call a Friends of meeting with the people there who are here. Oh I, understand that to me we have done that before. Yes, so I know how that works kind of, although we have to send out notices asking who would like to sit on that committee last time, we did it and we had named. Some people didn't want to join, and so that's what it was done and then we'll have a meaning. Sometimes it's after the full board full executive meeting. Then we just have a short meeting after there. What I would suggest us a lot of people I, don't know, extent is that if we have a meeting right after this meeting, one of you can explain what it is and discuss who's going to send out the forms and all that make a plan yeah. You know hopefully we'll take five for ten minutes. It has hand up so we'll. Let him talk and then we should probably move on because we're talking too much about friends after something your husband say: point of order. No more talk about friendzone, that's a jerk all right! So, let's move on to the district manager reports. Okay, so first some post keeping things you all have a revised vote. She Alex it actually sends the whole thing in yesterday and for some reason neither ed nor I got it and we're trying to clearly you know something out on our end, I think, but we're trying to figure out why? So we may, we may be in contact with you Alex, to help us on that. Then Ben pelos contacted his office. Contacted me right before this meeting. He would like to come to our board to ask us to do a resolution and the Summer Youth Employment, which has been a hundred percent I, explained that we were already planning to do that. May we'll talk about it. I was going to I had discussed with Alicia Michael organising the elected officials. Reports and I was going to ask Gail if she would talk about SYEP, because she did a great telling hall on it. However, she is not able to participate in our meeting Tuesday night, so I need to know from you. Do you want to ask Ben to come talk about SYEP or should I ask one of our council members who are already given reports on city budget to talk about it? That's a question. I believe that we should have someone come you want to bend I'm another sitting, yeah I mean, as he can I ask. Is he the most appropriate person to talk about it because he's on a committee related to it? Not that I'm, aware of remember he came and talked to us about his charter revision. Do you remember he came and talked to our committee board about charter revision? It was because he cared about it. I, don't believe, there's any particular, but I couldn't share it see if he's on the committee, and if you want to say, if he's on the committee, we should do this. If he's not come up right now, committee and Lisa has her hand up. So let's go to her. I guess I'd like to disagree with alicia on this. I think we were trying to keep the elected official statements to a minimum and having someone who doesn't represent us, there seems like unnecessary when we could have someone who does speak about it and be more probably more concise and direct mm-hmm, maybe not increase their exposure as they're looking for higher office and very near future, just wouldn't mind everyone as a public meeting I mean it's the whole world and see the meeting, and it will be on her website. Okay, my case I'll address as far as the meetings being briefed well, I guess: Megan's, looking it up I'm looking at this is kalos he is so he is on contracts. Education, government, ops oversight and women and gender so he's not on the committee, so I can easily ask one of the council members to do it. I'll look and see if either of them on that committee, if not I'll ask one of them to do it. Unless, if you want I mean we still have the options, you can ask him to come, he probably has a spiel or you can ask one of our council members who will also already be addressing budget issues. Yes, sir I'm, sorry Susan, you know we could all. If the council members don't address it, we could also ask Wayne. He was pretty good on that call. He was excellent, and I was going to say is that we actually have a tremendous amount of good information on this, because me and I and I, don't know if anyone else was on the townhall, and it was just really excellent. So I'm talking about Wayne Howe, who is the executive director of the Chinese American Planning Council right? If you need I mean I, don't know if you even need more, if you need a presentation because anyway, so what is the final thing? You know what am I saying to Ben's office, I, think I, think I, don't know where we should just went, but I think. The final thing is that we would prefer it be coming from a council member in our district who can speak more to how it relates to our district as well as what the overall issue is. So if we have a council member that serves on the committee that it's relevant for then that's who we should be inviting okay and if nana last one I'll just ask one of them. The other thing is just talking about organizing the elected officials. I spoke with both Alisha and Michael, available Zoo meeting and we're organizing them. I didn't actually did this for the district service cab meeting so that people, don't repeat the same issues, ask different people to cover different issues, and but it's not going to be a two minute thing, because they really do need to talk about legislation pending legislation. That's addressing problems we're all dealing with I'm, asking them to briefly talk about what their office is doing. There's a tremendous amount of work going on that people are not aware of in everybody, making wellness checks and calling people and delivering food, although I got to say probably the hardest working person in Tassie beats. Me is Erik Diaz he's all over the whole world working with everybody, so I just want to give him a thank you for that, but we're dividing up the areas I know Jackie wants Brian to talk about. Is housing legislation we're asking Carlinhos on the parks committee to talk about parks, budget cuts because they're drastic, so I'm working on having them organize it, but we're trying to make it productive and we're trying to make it relate to whether we need to do advocacy now for the executive budget. The procedure allows us, and we've done this in the past, where we have already voted on budget priorities and a problem comes up in the mayor's executive budget. We can advocate for those priorities again. We've already voted on them and we have done that in the past. We don't generally do it, because basically people haven't seemed very interested in doing it and it doesn't seem very productive, but I think now it might make a difference. So that's about the organizing, the elected officials for next time, I've contacted Bob, did Gail and the councilmembers and I'm not going to do one to all the state people. So just one mention as far as working from home I think we're all getting our work done, we're finding it difficult and it takes a lot more time. None of us have printers. We don't have the right documents, but you know we're getting it done. It's just. Let me say it takes a lot longer time to do everything, but I think we're doing pretty well, my personally, what I'm finding difficult is overwhelming amount of in nation. The some of you are getting. Some of the emails like from every agency, like Department of homeless services, is doing an incredible amount of work and moving people around, and you know doing things very differently, and so this is just all time consuming a lot of the agencies or a number of them have once a week calls we have once a week homeless, services called once a week. Food call. You know number of other calls like that, which we spend all our time on zoom' the office is able to act very much as a hub and to give an example of that I had like Housing Works call me yesterday and say we have a thousand masses. We want to go for homeless in our area and I was able to put him in touch with a team supervisor who's under contract with DHS and so they're going to be giving out a thousand masks so homeless, people in cd3 and they're going to do it again. They have a benefactor that keeps giving them money for PPE for the homeless. So I think that function is important. One problem I see a tremendous amount of work being done, but there's so much need in our community that I think coordinating it all with you know: agencies, elected officials, CBO's all doing a tremendous amount of work, for instance they're all calling all their clients or everybody's name they have, and then today the mayor's office said they're gonna start calling everybody too. So there's just a lot of coordination. I know there's a lot of food deliveries. Everyone thinks not just getting all the food, but some of the smaller and nights of buildings like where EV lives on Fifth Street they've only gotten one food delivery in a month. So I think this is an issue and something to take away from what's happening is for us to see if we can help working with everyone else on a way to coordinate. One thing I was thinking of doing was making a grid of all subsidized housing. We have Nitra housing, but there's a lot of other subsidized housing, also and maybe being able to include which CBO's are managed certain buildings or contact information. That would just be helpful for people to coordinate who's reaching out to who I just heard yesterday. That I think was yesterday that JJ is starting to do that in her area. So I sent her an email asked if we could be helpful on that so Trevor. Do you want to say anything about that about that coordination deal Plano you yeah I, think it needs a real coordination and perhaps through the community board, because we have some data on the buildings. I know and thank you. Eric I know you're on there for helping us organize one of the food deliveries this past weekend, but as we were unloading the truck for food, there are people from the neck from the next nearby section, eight building or asking for food. You know straight from the truck because they had not received any deliveries at all and I think the database should not only include whether it is a non-profit owner or a CBO in the air, but also the tenant leaders, because there are just a lot of buildings that sort of are falling through the gaps. In terms of this delivery, a lot of section, eight buildings that are not recognized a lot of deeply affordable buildings, some which include formerly homeless families, which are completely left out of all the masks and the shields and the food. So a database would be extremely useful and I and I kind of asked for this after sandy, because it's the same exact thing happened and I, don't know how much we learned, but this may be a time to do that. Yeah after sandy, we did come up with a lot of deeds. There was progress made, but more progress needs to be made. So I'm hoping we can be involved with that when we get just a little bit further down the road I just want to mention as far as planning what is projected by medical experts and I know the city and the governor are both using this. Is they expect a mid or late May to the number of in new infections to die down? They expect in September October another wave and then next spring another wave. So we just really do need to keep in mind that this is not going to be over in a month or two and have some kind of tentative plans for that. There's two kinds of complaints: I'm getting in the office right now, one I don't understand it's about construction. People do not understand essential. Construction includes a lot of categories including affordable housing or a project that's at least 20%, affordable and the governor, and maybe I'm, not sure. If it's the government I think it's a governor is actually expanded. The list of what's essential and most of us don't have the new criteria, but some reason people want to pick on that and even sometimes people aren't looking at the big picture. So people are calling and complaining a lot about construction, but all the construction is construction. I knew right off. The top of my head is affordable housing. The other complaint I'm getting, which is more of a problem, is a real lack of social distancing. I've seen it myself in the East Village a lot I have reported to the police, one bar that was having an advertising live music venue in their bar and another one where they are having the bar outside they're, all drinking outside and hanging out together and just in general, around the park and around the East Village there's a lot of ignoring of social distances. Where is that bar Susan, because I've dieted out I'll tell you later so? That's it. Unless there's any questions, there are no raised hands. So the next item on the agenda is the district need statement. Oh here, I go again so for the district need statement. I we had talked about hiring someone to go through. We were unable to do that. We were unable to find anyone. The person we had fell through because her schedule had changed and we were unable to find anyone. So Jim went through the whole thing. He made some kind well, first of all anything any statements that were made that need to be documented and worked. He noted, because that should either be fixed or taken out, and then he went through and basically commented on sections for the committee's generally, the most common comment was we had agreed to make everything sort of as succeed as possible. The executive committee several years ago voted on a model that was sort of bullet point and focusing fewer necessary priorities than what happened. It would go into committee and everyone would say all we need to put in this. You need to put in this, not every committee, so he noted those. However, now I think the whole thing is like you know, I, don't know what we could possibly do with that. It's we don't know what our needs are. What's going to be left in six months, certainly not for the fiscal year starting in July 21, which is what we're writing for so I. Have two suggestions I wanted to pass on to you one is we usually vote in July I would like to suggest that instead we vote on in August, I. Think since so many committees are not having meetings, you know having some zoo meetings in August if possible. We have better information, it would give us June and July to work on it and I still don't know how we're going to do it. One suggestion and I don't know how this would work for every committee is to do what we did after sandy and say what are we taking from this? What have we learned that we need to deal with, for instance, I, don't know if we will have this information in time, but, for instance, we're seeing african-american and Latino there's much higher percentage of deaths in people that contract the virus, which leads to you know other points to other health situations, health, insurance and other. You know other concerns. Do we want to kind of look at the things that have come up and shown gaps, or what do people think it's really a hard thing to figure out what to do when you've never been in this situation before I know for businesses it's going to be a hundred percent different world and you know I think there will be specific needs for that. But I don't think we know what they are right now. So, just from the business perspective, economic development doesn't have a meeting set for May, but in June I'd like to discuss the needs of small businesses, I think we're gonna have a little bit a better idea where you know where the loans all shake out and some of the regulations and have a better idea of what all the needs are that right then, but ideally getting together a resolution that all of the borough or all of the boards in the borough can sort of sign on to would be. You could use the meeting both for that resolution and to be a basis. Maybe for your district need statement. Yeah we've got raised, hands from David, Crane and then Meili David. Is it not unmuting me? You are yeah. Okay. The budget crunch has already started. As Susan's pointed out. You know I know. Other programs are already completely shut down, so everything will be different at this time. It's not a I, don't know what we would want to do with this thing. Either the budget priority or the district. You know district needs maybes, larger project, but it's easier. There's a lot of needs, I also was gonna, say you usually don't actually meet in August. Was that very old-fashioned of me to think now you're right? But this is a different situation and we're not meeting now and I sure I mean I, don't have a problem with it I just absolutely right. Only yes, okay hi! So I am you know for Human Services. Every area has been hit really hard and right now, I know that the human service agencies are already thinking ahead to the budget. I mean not, you know, I mean to 2021 and even after that, but in terms of 21 to 22, which is what we're focused on I. Think that a lot of our you know, nonprofits and human service agencies and use agencies- would need a little bit more time to figure out exactly what to ask for 21 to 22. You have some general ideas, I think they do, but if we want something more exactly in terms of the budget part, isn't this just need a little bit more time would be good, so I would say that I am in favor of you know, voting in like July or August so August as long as the come as long as we can meet I would suggest. Then it might be. I know right now, everyone's concerned about the current budget, but it suggests baby and even in the beginning of May, if possible, starting to contact them and so that they will be ready to come to the committee in June with their suggestions. Okay, any other cranes guys hand up again: yes, Susan. What does the city charter require of us for the district needs? I know you know, things have changed and all but didn't used to have a in certain month. It wasn't in city charter I, don't think, but City Planning used to have us vote in July and submit it in July. This administration changed everything, and most of it was really like two years ago and what they decided to do was have a submit both the different needs and the budget priorities in October I brought this to the exact last year and suggested since we can't do everything at once that we still vote the district needs in July and we are submitting it later and the exec decided to continue with that. So we have the option of voting in August any other questions or comments regarding district need statements all right and we are going to move on to the next agenda item, which is social media. You may have noticed. I moved Joe Kern's into our meeting he's been attending watching the whole meeting as an attendee. The reason I did, that is because I am going to be stepping down as a social media manager. While all of this is happening because I cannot manage all the technology of us meeting virtually and the social media as well, it sort of fell by the wayside. So Joe, who has been working with me on social media, all along, is going to be taking over doing that he's been managing our Facebook account and Tatiana has been managing our Twitter account, and so joe is going to report to me as the first vice-chair as a social media manager. So I'll still be working with him, but as far as the day-to-day dealings of getting stuff posted online and what I am betting that, through Susan and Alicia, that's going to fall to Joe, so I'm actually going to let Joe speak for a few minutes because he and I, actually he put together some more guidelines that aren't necessarily a change to our current policy, but are just guidelines of how we're dealing with posting stuff as it relates to our current environment. So Joe the floor is yours: Joe where'd you go, I can hear I'm. Fine I will try to project yeah. So, first of all really excited to work with you all and I think been working very closely with Michael and with Susan and with Tati, Tatiana and sorry, my five month old daughter, you might hear in the background she has not yet gone to sleep yet. But the quick headline here is really that, as Susan mentioned in her manager report, there is an overwhelming amount of information that is out there right now in a wonderful way, but in a way that we really need to figure out how to curate and tailor to our to community board three and so we're trying to come up with guiding principles to allow us to move fast, while also post things that are relevant. So they're, relatively simple, as hopefully most guiding principles generally are. But one is that are at the end of the day, the primary pieces of content that we want to direct people towards is the website and YouTube, because the website is kind of a good centralized clearing house for all of our meetings and YouTube is kind of the true record of all of our meetings that need to be recorded. However, the other thing that we're trying to do is make sure that we're posting events and local news that truly is local and truly is rep relevant to community board three, and so thus far susan has done most of the work as with as with most things but Michael and I are trying to source various newsletters or various sources that have events that we think might be relevant to in the district. So that way we can post them and we can promote them, and so the only ask is, if you just want to send me any events or Susan or Michael and will kind of, but I will ultimately aggregate them and get the clearance from Susan from Michael and from Alicia to get them posted. So the ask is in an age in which everyone is posting, a lot of information, we're trying to curate that information and post what is most relevant to folks in our community. But we do ask that you kind of open up that funnel and pass the information along, and then we will curate and ultimately vote. Does anybody have any questions about this? I would just want to emphasize you know what Joe said about being hyperlocal. The amount of information is so incredibly overwhelming and I think when people are faced with too much information, they don't read. Anything I was wondering with the newsletters I, don't know what is it possible to have a link like on newsletters and then people will click on the link. So that's kind of a separate thing: yeah we can. We can think about it. What I was saying here and in the bottom part of the note, was just these- were the newsletters that I was gonna, be reading and drawing events from I. Think again, if we try to post every newsletter that is out there, we will have a list of 45 newsletters, so I think that probably isn't the best move and I'll read them we'll kind of try to best curate what is most relevant to the community and then we'll post that that's great I did not I misunderstood. So thank you and I agree. The other thing I was wondering and again I, don't know if it's possible on these types of media could and probably assume, but it could have like a section for business. A section for you know like humans. Is it possible to kind of put it inception, so people could see what they're interested in or not there's that too difficult or impact? It's not possible. I mean we could do it with like I could create hashtags for various things, but I think. Ultimately it would probably be lost so yeah I, don't I, don't I mean let's see, and if people are commenting that they want different kind of sections, but I think for right. Now, let's just try to curate it, and then we can evolve it over time. I totally defer to your expertise. It's just ideas: I've been sending forwarding Jo various different newsletters that I've been subscribed to for a while, so and he's been adding notice to his list to get information from them as well. We've got to hand raised first from May and then Jackie I think if we're having sections the best place to probably have it as on the website and I, also had a question: did we get back the Twitter account? We did not get back. The original Twitter account, but we created a new one with a different name, and we reported the other older Twitter account to Twitter a couple of times to hopefully get them to take it down as an unofficial account, but we created a new account. Okay, so if you could send it to us what the address is, that would be good. So then we can post it out to others and follow it. No real CV 3 min head. If we should have it on the website, you know there's so much I would really appreciate, but if people would look at the website, if you notice something missing, let us know that should be on the website and we'll get it up there. They both the Twitter and Facebook yep Jackie and that Eric yeah. My question is that if there is any mechanism to make sure the local news that we posed on the website is unbiased yeah, it's a good question. I think what I'm saying news: it's not necessarily news articles, it's more news of generally kind of local officials giving updates. You know, for example, in terms of what's going on with the SBA or I think you Inu is gonna, give an update on what's going on with the budget on Sunday, and we posted that. So it's not necessarily articles per se. It's just of resources and community events. For example, one of the things that we are that we're working on is basically gathering up all the information about the various town halls that all of our local elected officials are doing and helping promote them through our social media account as well so Eric, I wanna. Ask you a question yeah quickly. It was about or how soon do we can it go up on the cd3 social media as far as resources and then like I can imagine. Obviously my head has been nothing, but you know who pantry delivery. I guess that would be probably one topic that can go on right away: evie grieve, I think had a map, that's interactive and a link that shows all the businesses that are still open right now during Coleridge says, should be yeah science. At least we posted the businesses that are open in the East Village in the Lower East Side. So we have that information up there, I think to the other question that you're asking about just like posting events or even frankly, things that you're doing that are relevant to the community and Susan Michael, Alicia and I are pretty quick in terms of reviewing stuff. So we get stuff up relatively quickly, just to set expectations. I would say at worst it's probably 72 hours, but honestly, it's generally much quicker than that yeah. As the reminder, the policy that we voted on our last exec believe it was or full board meeting, was that basically, once an item is sent to Alicia and Susan for approval or rejection, they have 24 hours to give us that approval. If there's no response from either one of them in 24 hours, we assume it's approved and post it yeah. We as the group just try to get a lot more aligned on like what is the types of stuff that we want to be posting, which I think just helps with the information flow as well. Any other questions or comments on this. Alright I just want to thank Joe again for taking this over and relieving some of the pressure from my life agreed like and share on Facebook. Hey, that's right, so I believe next on our agenda is the committee reports and we have SLA first, three, eight three items. If three resolutions we also had which Susan said is not on the draft agenda, we had one item of old business, not that was heard at committee, but that we voted on at full board. We heard last month because I thought that they have submitted stipulations, but they the applicant, decided, not to submit the stipulations and may not even be going forward. So it's a reworking of the resolution to deny, because we didn't receive the stipulations, any questions for SLA all right, seeing none we'll move on to transportation, Public Safety Paul's, anything Deb, but we did not meet all right economic development, so I mean we didn't meet but, as you know like the majority of our time has been spent working on this special enhanced commercial district, which we're gonna have to put a pause on right now, one because those city agencies are just not functioning for anything other than non-essential work right now, but also because I think we need to be focusing less on restrictive measures right now and more on how we could be proactive and help small businesses and there's a lot of you know. This is a time of obviously terrible crisis for small businesses, but I also think a point of great opportunity for making some policy changes. So what I would like to do going forward is put together a list of small business needs and see how you know kind of talk with Susan Alicia and just see how the community, but what points the community board can help with all those things. I mean resolution is great, but how else can we be more effective? That's it any questions or comments on that we will move on to Health and Human. Services may hello. So, as you know, you know, all areas of Health and Human Services has been hit really hard and we did not have a meeting this month. So what I did was to send out a survey to the committee because I didn't want to have these. You know little meetings with them, so I sent out a google survey to them to ask them what they were doing now. What they saw the needs were in the unmet needs or the you know, unaddressed needs and then, if they had any other comments, so as you can probably tell you know, those of us who work for nonprofits are completely swamped and then those who don't work for nonprofits are volunteering in efforts such as food delivery, or you know, helping the seniors and then in terms of some of the admit, though the issues they had was how are the homeless dealing with this? You know, there's a lot of issues that Susan similar to what Susan talked about with the seniors Carmen told us, Perez told us about a senior acerbic, Senior Center or the housing where they're like completely forgotten, and something had to be done about that so and I also, you know check in on the members cuz. Some of them were a little slow to respond just because they were swamped, but you know the days when people are slow to respond. You need to check in on them just in case, but almost everyone is kind of okay, I think, but some have issues so I'll keep working on that and then the other thing I wanted to talk about was SYEP I want. You know me and Susan went to a the gals Town Hall. Yesterday, I also sent the announcement about town house, other committee members, I, don't know if they went where there was an excellent Town Hall about SYEP and how it needs to be saved. They have. You know, decided that the council it the summer so I want I, would like CB 3 to write a letter of you know in opposition to the cancellation it we have already voted on SYEP and that it's part of our budget priority. So we do. You know we have a voted on position where we support that. That's why he Pete, should you know, happen this summer and be funded. So what we learned is that s why he is not just a summer dog program, so kids have something to do this summer. It's a job development, it's career development. At this time. It's economic support for the kids: it's not the spending money, but you know they use. It goes into their families as well, and the other thing which you may not have thought of is that the nonprofit's themselves are being affected. We were told that some nonprofits have already laid off staff because their salaries were funded by the SYEP program, because that's what they were supposed to do. Some of them are partly funded by SYEP, so they had to have their hours cut and there was very little notice. There was only 48 hours notice and they had to do it. So there's an issue how the nonprofits and the youth new community were not consulted, even though going into the summer, we will have to still do this physical distancing. You know many of the you know. The providers feel that you know the st. You could run a summer youth program, but of course it has to be done properly and also in consultation with these groups, and there is a lot of ways to do it virtually there's a lot of need out there right now. It just in terms of the services we're providing or even stuff like what Eric is doing. You know the delivery and all that it's something that youth could do and we need it now the summer. So there was a letter that some community boards signed on to in April on April, 10th and I. Think it already has gone out. But what we're learning is that it's not enough. You know because we're talking about the July and everybody needs like talk to their City Council member. So what I suggest? One of the things we could do is write a letter and send it to all of our elected and also we could base it on that template and just update it and customize it more for us. That's all I have to say we have a question from David Crane, so it sounds like you're proposing that we go through a process of writing a letter and getting it noted on I actually think, given that it's been a tree, it's been to the top of our budget priorities for years that you could just write that letter and it could go out. You know, as we do for other things when we're advocating, for you know an ongoing thing that was the inner. If there's any opposite, that is I. Think that's a good thing. I, don't know if anyone that doesn't I hadn't mentioned when I gave my report earlier, that this was the process that we've actually done in the past and advocating at the executive budget. Time sounds right. Okay, so I'll write a letter and it's a letter that Alicia or Susan or whoever usually signs those letters so I'll just write it in okay, all right any other questions. No ok, so land use Jackie. So we didn't meet this month, but one of the most important legislation happening right now is Brian. Cavanaugh's appeared to provide rent subsidies to those who lost their jobs, their incomes in, but there are still a lot of unknown factors in that bill. So we are inviting Brian cabinets office to come to a full part to speak and talk about it and I. Think later. We might need to call the committee members to have a formal discussion on that to see if we want to and support that bill and I'm still looking into it as well. I have Alicia I, see your hand because I just not letting you run the meeting or you got a question: [Laughter]. Listen, it works for me, Michael, it's cool, you do what you do, no I, actually I'm. So sorry, I wanted to go back because I wanted to make sure everyone was aware what s wife he was. We have some member members of the public that are with us and maybe they don't understand what s YP. What is and why it's so necessary. We talk about youth employment. All the time I just wanted to make this statement. I am an alum of SYEP. If it was not for SYEP, I would not have been able to buy school clothes for myself. I work s YP from the age of 14 to 18, and it is a much-needed necessity in our community. There's a lot of children that one parent household do not make enough for their children to have some clothing. For the new year, so it was because of s YP I was able to get work. Experience so I think that is important people to really understand the necessity of SYEP and what SYEP stands for is Summer Youth, Employment Program, and it is very necessary for our community for not just low income families, but families that may have children with special needs that would necessarily hired by other employment. So I just want to make that comment from a Oh, so I just wanted to say you know. Syep has been around a really long time and me and my all of my sisters were also in SYEP. It's been around since the 60s yep, alright marks man did you have another question? You just pick a hair. No, that was a mistake. Sorry, we did not meet the Landmarks Preservation Commission has resumed, holding their hearings. I assume so probably anticipate a little more action there over the summer. Okay, thank you parks, water, resiliency, Trevor. We did meet, we had one vote and that was to support the plan for Tompkins Square Park Fieldhouse reconstruction. There are some other issues. Obviously, the parks because they're about to really be hit by these cuts, but they know none of the pools being open a lot of the hiring that they would normally do will not happen. It's something I think we need to discuss, because without the pools being open, I really don't know what a lot of these kids are going to do for recreation and they're. Apparently we don't know what's gonna happen with the beaches. Also, so I think it's something that we probably need to discuss. I, don't know if women do here at exact Susan to talk about advocating for this or if we want to carry out the full board, what I'm, what I would suggest? I mean Trevor and I actually had a conversation with Steve Simon at parks to find out about all the budget issues. What I would suggest it seems like I mean the pools are not going to, and you know the work hasn't been done to prepare them, but it seems like a lot of other summer. Programming depends on staff and again in our district knee our budget priorities. We have made various kinds of staff a priority. Already we do every year and I would suggest what we do. A letter for the park staff, particularly you know, kind of target is the same thing. We're gonna have all these youth that you're not going to be working and they're not going to be in the pool. They're not going to be in the beaches, evidently are still an open area, but I would suggest that we do a letter advocating to keep the park staff in Carlina deftly on the parks committee. So I can also ask I. Think I already have asked that when she addresses full board that she addressed the parks budget. Trevor. Are you done with your report? We've got a couple of raised hands just all right, so we're better Alicia, first and then Megan yeah I, just wanted to say. I am muted. I definitely wanted to say that also Susan to Carlene I was definitely going to bring that up at full board to cover the park situation, because I definitely know that it will be a tragic loss to have no place for the young people to go out and get relieves from the summer heat. So I really want to know what the mayor's plan is going to be. For that I'm very, like perplexed with this foolishness. Here they don't have a plan, I mean that's what Trevor and I found out. They don't have a plan. So what we do is advocate. They do certain things and one of the things that seems to be still up in the air is a park. Summer, programming, I'm summer camps and again we have, in general, made summer camps a priority, not necessarily in parks, but you know I, don't see why in the Scituate we can add that into a letter, if you want Megan, I also think Carlina just introduced the bill into Council yesterday about opening up city streets for pedestrians. You know pedestrian streets and I think if the kids can't go to the swimming pools. It's too hot in these apartments, they're gonna have to hang out outside somewhere and the parks are gonna, be too crowded. If we need to practice socials distancing still so like, let's get them out onto the streets and possibly get some programming out there, the more open spaces we have, the more we can spread out and still get people outside and getting some exercise for these kids who've been in front of computer games for the last month and a half and I think this is something to ask her, but I think if we do it for youth programming, they could come under play streets which would then be just for the kids. That's a great idea. Just for the kids yeah we gotta raise hand from David Crane open the hydrants, yeah dumpster pools old school kids streets with sprinklers, like keep it simple. I'll ask her to address that all right, Linda, yes, Seward Park, has been completely closed for unknown reasons and I. Wonder if that's happening in the other of the parks Trevor and do you know anything about it? No I! Don't even now, sir parkas completely closed. Yes, they locked all the gates. You know well I'll, find out tomorrow. Tompkins is open. Sewer SDR is open. Yeah well call this to Steve Simon's attention several times. So if you want to mention that to him, Susan I'll be happy to then ask him. Thank you. I know that core leaders are still open, but we don't have gates that are laughable, so they have no choice but to leave it open, but they did. They did lock the fence to the ball field so that people can't go into the ball field and I believe Henry and Jackson is locked also, and they took down all the basketball hoops. The basketball hoops were because of lack of social distancing that we didn't have a problem with that. They did that to us to the one of the issues. I guess is the playgrounds in Seward. Park are not enclosed separately, but maybe they couldn't figure out how to keep the kids out of the play equipment. That's pretty easy plastic bit that is first Street Park is closed, but that's because it's all playgrounds yeah all right, any other questions or comments relating to parks, waterfront, resiliency, I task force in subcommittees Alicia. Do we need to do any of these? No all business, I'm, sorry can I, say one more thing that I forgot my report, I just wanted to mention I sent to everybody in the exact notes. The governor's executive order around open meeting law and I just wanted to make sure everybody's read them, and let me know if you have any questions any other old business. Are we gonna do friends of afterward? We are. We are patients, it's about you any new business. No, but I. Definitely I want to definitely acknowledge Meghan for the wonderful job that she did as chair of economic development and I want to thank her for her service as I think this may be her last executive meeting, possibly until we get further notice from well from the borough president's office about our new placements and so I just want to just say. Thank you. Thanks Alicia, it's been a pleasure I'm not going anywhere I'll be around all right, so I'm going to do a roll call vote to adjourn, but don't sign off because, as noted after this, with unit talk for about ten minutes about friends up so after the roll call vote to adjourn I'm gonna stop, we can do a quick ten minutes on friends up Alicia there was Coleman Michael Moreno, yes, Lisa Kaplan. Yes, sorry took me allowed on mute ideas. Yes Rochelle Cooper's man, yes, Furman you ready Herman! Did we lose you like? We did make a joy, yes, Meili, yes, Jackie Wong, yes and the Jones. Yes, pepper, Holland, yes, David Crane, yes, Paul Engle! Yes, all right so now adjourned. Give me two seconds to stop. The recording here come on.