You want yeah I mean like I, really don't have much to report, except for the fact that Lisa Michael, myself and Susan we met to discuss the trainings and I think I'll.
First chairs report I did touch base with both Margit chin and Carlino Rivera's offices about co-sponsoring a town hall about workers rights, as we start returning to work, and they both seemed interested in that and Gigi Margaret's chief of staff is going to reach out to the agency to see if the Commissioner will sustain that again like they did for councilmember Levine once they have confirmation, we'll start working on dates.
So all things that we can consider as we move forward with trying to manage our online meetings- Alicia I, don't know, did you have a chance to reach out to all the electives prior to next?
Michael, don't I mean I, don't want you to feel like you're, in a compromising position that you have to say, like you know, yeah, that's really helpful, though, what the information that they share with you was very helpful.
Who then gave a brief presentation about what the guidelines are and took various amounts of questions from the board chairs, as well as the community, and so just some things for people.
They were not really well prepared for this presentation today, because I think they were a little caught off guard, so they are going to be giving the presentation a more I, guess, thorough presentation again to the district managers cabinet meeting.
So that was an issue for some other community boards who didn't want outdoor seating on side, streets and things like that.
Michelle yeah well I mean it's an answer to you know what's going on, but when is that meeting the district manager's meeting to slowly?
So initially, when the first email I saw about this from Susan, basically was saying that every single with that the community board was being asked to produce a letter for every single restaurant which would have made us have to do hundreds, if not thousands of letters, so Susan made some calls and worked it out where we can basically just send a blanket letter if we wanted to that, basically tells them the parameters that we're willing to waive the stipulations.
She asked the kid for help which is fine, but that are not in the bid that they're in the face block Association area and I kind of take it on myself to try to help them so I've kind of like to know that's a question to ask: Susan Michael yeah I mean Susan, who, unfortunately isn't on tonight's call.
Does that then require us to look more closely at the business, for example, wants to extend in front or extend into the backyard because we're not giving the blanket waiver do you know I, don't know the answer to that question everything that's all right.
I mean I kind of sound like the DRT right now, who didn't know answers to a lot of the questions today that she was being asked, but I don't really know the answer to that question.
These are all the things that I was thinking about when you know, when I understood what the issue was I think we should generate a list of questions so that we can all get back to everyone and via email after this meeting is over.
Like I said: I will email everybody about when the meeting date is, that presentation will be made to the district managers so that we can get questions to Susan unless you can bring out that meeting.
So maybe you know if susan has the answer and she wants to- let us know so that we can save her some work when we tell our community that would be good.
Linda I will say that sentiment that you just shared was the sentiment of most of the board chairs today on the borough board meeting I think almost all day today trying to get the straight answer.
A mess like I said, watch the parole board meeting, and you will hear somebody say exactly what you just said see I'm just right in there Lisa okay.
So, as was previously mentioned, there was meeting in the past week to discuss the plan training sessions that we've been talking about for a while, and it was agreed that the first one would be held as we talked about before on the 29th, and that would entail basically the operation, kind of basic cp3 board operations and procedures, and the agenda for that has been as of this afternoon, of approved by the speakers who will be Susan and Michael and David Crane Susan I'll do the role of the board office.
David will do two sessions on how to write a resolution and opportu of the order, and my plan is to send out an email today this evening, when we get done to all the board members alerting them to both of the trainings, but it include only the agenda for the first.
We couldn't decide if 4th of July was celebrated on Friday or Monday, so we're going with Tuesday for the meeting and the agenda, for that is a little bit in flux, because I think when we talked about it at the exact the last time we assumed that there would be basically two or possibly three sessions, one on land juice, another on SLA and the third on landmarks and I.
Am I right Alex yeah emailed you back, you said you were gonna, read it over and just okay, fine yeah I got you know, I thought I had I read it I thought I not responded, but my answer sure: okay, great I, didn't respond.
Okay and the one thing that's been a little complicated, Jackie and I discussed yesterday and I think we've come to a consensus amongst everybody who was in a series of emails.
We got an email from the borough president's office that they were doing virtually the same thing and they were doing it on zoom' and that would be recorded and we could replay it, and the borough president has done this very professionally a number of times and it just seemed to I think both that there was really no need for us to reinvent the wheel and what we could do is just encourage people.
I would never say a thing like that, so the expectation was that we would use the this presentation and offer it for our board members to access electronically, and certainly you know, I bet Jackie- would be willing to come to the training on July, 7th and answer any questions.
If people had a chance to look at it by then or we could take questions electronically and follow up on anything that might be more specific but I'd like to recommend that we do it that way, the only other thing I totally want us.
Don't think that land I don't think the landmarks one conflicts with any other community board meetings for us, so I think just tell the new members that we strongly encourage them to return I, don't think we can make it a requirement, but I think that we should strongly encourage them to attend the June 25th.
One on landmarks: doesn't it say it's mandatory for new members at the top nevermind I thought it was useful, I think I think Lisa, maybe in the email that you send out about the twenty-ninth training.
You know that's happening and strongly encouraged people to attend the 23rd, the training on the 23rd about land use and zoning.
The only thing about that is Jackie I'm, not a hundred percent sure when we're going to get access to the recorded version, I mean maybe we'll get it right away.
Just a blanket training like they do a great job of doing this great training, but at the same time I thought it would be a great opportunity for new members to and newly appointed members to get to know who the chairs are- and you know just share different experiences.
As far as that, your committee I mean like it's more intimate I, feel like it's more intimate and that's the reason why I said I wanted to encourage us to have our own training in-house rather than to go, send them out, and it's like across everybody across the city is taking the same training.
Would that be a useful addition to the more general I think it is I think it's good I think for people to understand how to know if something is a landmark out of fact out what to do if they see something bad going on somebody messing with the land where they shouldn't to how to report that so yeah there's a lot of there's a lot that can be said.
I think that's a good idea, because you know that the land session from the borough president's office is going to be very broad, so I think if we do a little 10-15 minutes about.
Bailey has her hand up I just want to note that some of those trainings, like landmark and land use, that the borough president has is useful for all board members to go to whether or not they are on the committee.
I might have been to those trainings and it's not that I want to become an expert on land use, but it is discussed that full board and other members should have an idea of what is being talked about.
In addition, we have our own specific office, went to everybody on the board and the email that Lisa is preparing is actually going to go to are all of cb3 members, not just the new members right, Alex I will say that when I first started, which was a long time ago, these trainee, it's not the advanced one but landmarks training.
If that's, what I would suppose should be doing, but I just wanted to make sure yeah whatever email you use for a community board stuff.
If this is okay for your meeting dates for July, can you scroll down please development, July, 8th Health and Human Services, July, 9th landmarks, July, 13th transportation, July 14, our first exact committee meeting July 15 parks and waterfront July 16th, SLA, July, 20th, June, Basia, land use, July, 21st arts and culture subcommittee, July 22nd and then our second exact July 23rd and our full board July 28th, so yeah, it's it is in your email.
Is it up to each community person I know previously, or our previous chairs have required that we have a vice chair, I, think that was Jamie but I'm, not sure, and also was that still in effect, are we still required to have that and I was also looking at trying to find the structure of each committee to see if we all have or if the other committees have a vice chair and secretary and how it's working I don't know if mine have has any difficulties, but with communication and sometimes sending out emails, it can be a bit challenging.
So if you don't want a first vice chair or a secretary, you don't have to have it, but the thing is those two positions make your life a little bit easier Trevor.
It's just a thing that a chair did the second question, or the second thing is I really wanted to hear from the other chairs as to what they have and how it's working, not a long speech about it, but I'd like to hear from each chair as to whether they have a secretary and where they're a vice chair and the responsibilities of each one I think I.
My vice help me with managing the zoom and Michael pearl is he took the notes for minus--, so I just find it really less stressful and I also discuss with Linda on many issues and sometimes I feel like that kind of cooperation is important for a committee because you would like you know.
Just because we thought about what you know what the June agenda was gonna, be like with the mountain people we were expecting and the amount of people we saw in May. It helped out a lot for us.
You know I've yet to chair a committee meeting outside of my laptop so I, don't know how that's gonna look like when we go back to face-to-face stuff so but for June I thought is made a lot of sense.
Anyone else, okay, yeah so and landmarks as a tiny committee, and we just have a vice chair and she has basically taken over chairing the meeting several times over the last couple of years when I was unable to be there.
If I may interject, just a minute, I think that your committee is kind of like unique, because you have a very long name and that long name also has separate things that your or your committee does right.
I know, you've heard this before me, I mean this is not something that it's relatively new to you right, mm-hmm, yeah so know, typically in other community boards, the education and use- and sometimes the youth part, isn't a separate committee.
Well, let me close my issue thanks to all the chairs, for giving me what they what happens in your committee, I'm gonna, keep the same structure.
It's just sometimes with the communication of email stuff is sent to the chair and the vice chair and the secretary is not aware, like the initial, when we initially send out the draft minutes or draft forms that doesn't go to the secretary, but I can work that out, but I've got I've heard everyone speaking I have a pretty good idea of how I want to keep it.
In your committee and I and I agree with me, we will draw something up so that it could be a little bit more like per minute, because I mean I think that every chair leaves something behind as their legacy.
So what I didn't say during my report and I want to make sure Michelle access to the minutes is that I have gotten I, think everyone except Wendy's, Wendy Lee's, a committee request, form I.
Think we've gotten everyone else's, so we want to make sure that and they don't have until like full board meeting.
There was so many things, I didn't even consider as far as like a need of like families like kids, when kids are home, I mean we have so many children that have so many different types of needs, and so I thought that was really interesting and just told everyone knows I think Michael.
Any new business, okay, I just want to just let everyone know.
We don't normally go until 11:30 at night, so reach out and touch your committee members and just let them know like full board, is not the opportunity for everyone to get long-winded and get crazy with it.
So, let's not turn this into a crazy another event of craziness I am going to continue to reach out to the elected officials to remind them that it's three major topics that they want to share and they should try to keep it under 10 minutes and I do agree with Michael comments from full board.
Right now, everybody else is sort of taking over their own meetings, and thank you for that, but usually I try to log on a little early so that I can connect with the chair about how they want things to run.