So last night I sent you guys some documents, but it's just some work still in developing and as the district I mean, I heard that from Susan multiple times before and DNS is just about the needs for our district is not a policy statement not about specific program.
That has certain points we move from last year, and this is because we want to update them, clarify the language and worry if the information is still correct, maybe also consolidate them, and so tonight we are just making some comments about this drop in so that Jim can edit it later.
If Jim could say, Jim's gonna start I think with a little intro right, Jim Joe yeah.
The document should describe your community and assesses needs that exist, but maybe our unmet I mean I think we should it's important to kind of carefully focus on that leave.
We will use this district means, hopefully right to inform our budget priorities, which is the next point in the process, as Jackie mentioned, there's not always a one-for-one correlation between a need and a budget priority, but you try will also be preparing questions to vidual agencies at meetings that happen between for leadership, the district office and those agencies in September, so I'm keeping a running list of those questions, and we can draw more questions for that process.
You know we get more last minute information about something I mean it was a lot of moving parts in the city with the budget, with tax revenue with programs and policy and with neighborhood need so we're, leaving that window open to flexible if we need and I also a Jackie mentioned.
You know one of them, I think rather and eloquently says items to be removed from the district and each statement from last year.
What we actually I think want to do is move that it was its own standalone category next year, maybe organize that into the budget priority which is largely building and preserving affordable housing.
I raised my head because I have a question for Jim. One thing you said: I didn't understand, it may I, ask it yes: oh yeah, so Jim you said when you were describing the process and how we should do it and I didn't understand what you meant when you said we shouldn't be making and city programs.
We can speak to that in budget priorities, but for this document try to narrow in on the need, if the need is affordable, housing to preserve, affordable housing and a specific program, that's not properly facilitating that we could ask that budget question later, but I think we should identify that the need is to preserve, affordable housing.
Even if we think a program like an anti eviction program might be very important, we still may not vote on it as a budget priority, because if it's already well funded, it doesn't need to get more money.
Just to give you guys a little background about the budget consultation so last year in September, I went to the HPD and Department of Building budget consultations and district office already maintained a list of the questions they have for these two agencies, and sometimes in last year, I also add my few of my own questions to ask them specifically asking about certain programs, so that would be the budget.
There was a question or something that Jackie brought up about the data points historically I think I've edited them all prior to this point in the process I'm behind on that work for a number of reasons, but it's you don't have to worry about it so that so yes, the Furman Center is one source.
It needs to be updated which isn't available yet, but we actually do have the updated ACS data I just have it updated every single line in the DMS, yet these will likely there will be things that shift a little bit, but you know the year-to-year variation and ACS data shouldn't be so dramatic that you will see you can continue with the assumptions based on the last year's data.
We don't need to work too much on the detail of the language, because we want to provide the comments so Jim can edit it and then come back to us next month.
If you want a new code, nineteen's impact on the real estate market and construction industry, as well as anticipated city budget shortfalls, which is the development of new, affordable housing at risk, as does cuts in the federal funding to states and local municipalities, HPD is primarily funded to federal sources, with sixty something percent of total expense budget in fiscal year.
Does that is actually correct, because I remember that was extracted if I'm, firm and center yeah just that it's just a little bit confusing to check it yeah, but it's the no guys Koran you have the current number yeah I think we should not date it and flag it for possible all of its not helping tell your story right: yep, I'm, gonna, let Michael speak first and then Olympia Michael, yeah I mean quickly.
I'll try to find data on that, but I remember, reading that recently yeah, the thing I was gonna mention is I was just checking the citation number ten HPD is primarily funded through federal sources, with 68% the link for that I.
We need to get it updated anyway, so I think the maybe most helpful thing would be if you guys could just kind of like flag that one and I will get to the bottom of it.
That I think is, of course, super important because the city we're living is already changing a lot and I think we should also add in terms of the district needs protection, because what we are hearing right now is there is the predatory buyouts, and so there we will need to protect and preserve I, don't know how we're gonna ride in Jim Olympia later we would have a session on that.
You know what I should I should repeat this, because I think it was clear and other committees that have like maybe smaller sections.
So what we are gonna do you know we're gonna kind of go over it now, but you know between now and maybe next month, like that's when committee members can look into these things, try to find a source, try to find a phrasing that you want to put together for something like that.
You know this is that we have extra window here to do that work and that's actually exactly what should be happening over the next four weeks and also, if you have questions about cific, specific programs, you can send the questions to me and then I will consolidate them and send it to the district office.
We had like ten different little sections and I think we could try to move to maybe like five or four broader sections, so we framed it a little differently last year and it was heavily focused on capital projects, but this one I mean build and preserve affordable housing in some configuration is always our number one need the last couple of years and probably much longer than that.
So as it's written right now, this is largely unedited from last year, but it's all about capital projects, and this is where I'm suggesting you maybe move that section that previously sat on its own about funding for CBO's that do local CBO's that do you know, tenant advocacy, work, anti-eviction work, you can kind of plug it into this section in a sentence or two and that's part of the preserving affordable housing.
If you do, for which programs it would be really helpful to get that information, yeah cuz I want to fly like one thing last year was we specifically said something about staffing?
So you know what I can I can lend that language but I think it's a matter of we working this to identify a need versus be like a prescriptive policy proposal and I'm.
I was working on this just before the meeting you know can I just add that the in terms of the CLT that they actually added 36 units they added two buildings at the end of March, you transferred to HDFC's to the let's update that.
So I think that's a good recommendation and you guys should consider you know how you want to organize that before we move on I just want to touch base on this predatory, buy all things so I mean I'm.
Some of these things are just you know the there I'm, folding and they're also like how do you say they they're endemic to the situation that we're leaving so there is dead, I mean what is the reason for which you think we need to have that I mean if there is.
What I would recommend is I think, there's a fair argument to be said that some of this is gonna, be it's all unknown, and a lot of this may be will be things that work, we're sort of predicting that isn't documented.
So we were down at Community, Land, Trust and I just recommended that kind of reorganization from the bullet points with like policy needs to more of a of a reframing around a description of unmet, so that this next section you know, preserve the viability of HDFC buildings.
I'm also gonna, maybe recommend a little rephrase rephrasing of this around district I think what you might want to do is say: I'm, sorry, I'm trying to compare to my document versus the one on the screen here.
But then we turn around and say the city can help preserve these through, like a couple of bullet pointed programs what I'm recommending you might want to do.
Instead is say to ensure these buildings of these coops remain financially solvent and a safe source of affordable housing in our district HDFC's need expanded support services, expanded financial training, enhance and stronger resale restrictions, including sales price caps and long term tax, abatements right so I'm, just suggesting you kind of rephrase it and I can provide that language, but I just wanted to present that change to the committee proposed change, which again is more of a formatting discussion, but I think it'll help the clarity of the document.
Okay, so expand and support for residential resiliency upgrades I had a question on that last point on the Michael yeah I was just wondering if it would be possible for us to add and limited equity coops things like rijalallah buildings, okay, so it's not limited to just this one program and type of co-op, yeah I mean I, know HP often groups together.
Actually, you kind of related to me at one point last year that there are some issues even for, like the not-for-profit housing providers of reasons why you may even not want to participate in some of these programs so yeah and that the incentive isn't really there for owners from what I understand.
It's a little bit complicated to figure out exactly how you want to phrase it and, of course it's getting into really like policy recommendations at this point yeah.
Can I can just run through like why certain things were consult or I'm blind, recommending consolidation and why I'm recommending you know cutting things so there's essentially four sections that were in here last year that I reckon- and we did this with every committee, so the first one was like expanding the support for the CBO's in the district that you Jim. Can you let I'm sorry?
There was a section: that's stood alone, about expanding funding for the CBO's that do kind of various tenant protection and advocacy work, I'm, simply saying to kind of lump that and consolidate that with the preservation of affordable housing section the next thing I'm recommending removing is every year for the last three years, we've said ad C community district, three to the certificate of no harassment pilot program, whether it's gonna be over by the time we're talking about next year's budget right.
I I don't because I'm as it says now, we're asking to join a program that won't exist so I just want to I think it makes sense to flag that or when the pilots over see you how the city approaches it when it's on sets and then write a resolution at that point, you know responding.
Right, I mean they have not given us a ton of data, and we don't know what we asked for in past years, but I think we need to follow up a little bit on the efficacy of this program.
You know that's what we're gonna ask budget consultations: okay, yeah!
You know these are things we can figure out closer to budget priorities in October, and so this is actually a very good transition into the other one I'm recommending removing from last year, which was this need to adequately fund city agencies to address housing code violations.
I mean you're, kept things that don't exist, but if you're looking at the data in a vacuum, you would say- oh I think we need to add inspectors because we're getting so many more violations.
But after we've got a bunch of consultations, they say: oh actually be bad if you know X number of inspectors over the last year and we don't really feel like there's unmet need.
They can't another thing to look at, for that is like how many violations are, how many complaints are filed and how many days it takes to inspect them, and that will so, let's know whether we need more inspectors or not and that's a standing question.
Okay, so do we that was four items I recommend like either removing or rephrasing in the way I mentioned to consolidate I think it helps make it more about needs and less about program and policy, and you know that's where it stands.
Is the reality of Kovan 19, impacting either the allocation of resources, or even just the way that they are thinking about prioritizing certain housing programs right exactly we can ask that I mean they've, given us answers before we asked them last year.
You have to go back in shared document, Jim, okay, so you know just this section I think is tough every year because of the nature of the relationship of to the city, budget, federal, monitor ship and the ever-changing nature of their internal programming, but I think what how we can.
Just you know, I, don't wanna get back and do it again, but that is why I'm recommending or moving and I recommended that last year we ended up keeping it but I think it's only further complicated by what's going on with policing and yeah for particularly in our district right now.
I mean it's obvious: given the budget shortfall I, think if we had some specific locations or even more narrow line items within a specific location that might be useful, but I don't know if just the general statement of we need capital repairs addressed is useful and we actually do say it in.
So that's why I'm recommending those changes but yeah I, don't know if it's useful to say which buildings need capital repairs, because they already have a prioritized list which we share with the committee last year and that prioritized list which goes on the outside of the building.
One thing that I just realized is and again I don't know, because this is going to be for july 2021, but one of the issues is the right to counsel program and basically, the need for more support for tenants.
So what we need to do is then ask what funding they're having for those programs- and you know find out again that's a funding issue yeah.
So let me note that for funding the budget question- and you know if something the other thing to consider is if something feels like it's an immediate need right and it's more of a priority than fiscal year.
You know pro se just to defend themselves, maybe something we cannot because when I heard is they're cutting their funding, yeah I think Jim already taken notes on that, and then we just gonna ask asked the questions that Apache power, because everything with the all vote, all together in October so week up some time ago, suddenly way here, let's find out, because we were surprised last year to find out that funding wasn't an issue.