We work closely with the DOT, with the parks Department and with hundreds of community groups that are all trying to improve their neighborhoods through activating public space.
The, most I think is going to be the Fulton House residence, because we've hooked up with a wonderful woman who's been doing this all on her own, an after-school program with 15 kids that had to shut down in March because they were using the Tenant Association office.
She's, desperate to meet up with her students again and continue her after school program, so she's going to bring her kids over.
If you all have questions on the committee like Alan said, please use the raise hand, feature just click on participants, I, believe it is, and then you'll see it and folks who are joining us from the public.
So actually the New York City NYC museum school, which is right across you, know right.
The other question was oh: How many can we accommodate I would be happy if we had a crush of people and we had to say you know, come back later.
The other thing I wanted to say was also if people know of after school programs that have been cancelled, I, welcome, partnering, with Annie and all groups.
So I mean we just started last week and we had a couple of kids use it, and you know that was great.
You know when you do it, you just want people to use it, so I think yeah, spreading.
We had just this past year, 21 new eight awards that were made to CB4 residents, and if you look at students who graduated from the from the Community Board families, who maybe moved out of CB4, there's a little bit more movement than normal, given Covid-19 and or leaving avenues.
If you have questions sure, thanks a lot David and again great to see the entire committee here.
We have a regular community design incubator that we work with for our seniors, where they come up with innovative ideas and ways to partner with our various community members through their curriculum and lots of partnerships with Holy, Apostle, Soup, Kitchen, Penn, South and other neighbors as well, and hopefully that will help build into that one day that we can all connect directly in person.
You get a story from various family members or people that you know in your immediate circle, but this year this portrait project really wants to focus on community.
A lot of the opportunities was because of him and through the work of this committee, it's just been so instrumental to helping us make sure that we are able to do really great dynamic, mutually beneficial work during these really tough times and get our students, our families, our faculty and staff, all together, fully involved.
Our, CB4 families participating in that to any extent, and how does need-based financial aid play into that, offering that your school has started to make available to students and families.
I'm, going to just put in the chat a couple links to the letters previous letters which I think not right: now, obviously.
Whenever you guys committee members want to take a time to look at the you know the relationship that the board has had with avenues.
But, you know financial aid related process as well to allow the same information that David shared as well too we'll attend any events that Fulton houses, hosts, I.
Some of the students already know Mr Acevedo by name very directly, and so there's just all these various opportunities and ways that we'll partner with the fulton houses and so even though they're a little bit further away from our school per se.
He'll still take some time to meet with us text me reach out to some of my colleagues even to come up with interesting opportunities and ideas and ways to work with our students and faculty staff.
Even our parents as well our families, which is just a great way to work so and obviously the fulton houses are not the only ones.
There are other groups like that they get similar connection and relationships as well, because we're all raw neighbors, all right, I am not seeing any further questions from folks on the board when I clicked over to the public.
Looking to, perhaps you know, get perhaps a letter of support from the committee for this open cultural ultra, open culture policy that we're going to hear about.
As David said at that point, we hope to have a lively discussion and earn your support for these bills for open culture.
Collectively, they're known as the open culture bills that work together to activate public outdoor space for cultural organizations during the Covid-19 crisis.
We do not think these bills are going to solve their financial woes, but for them to continue to access the small amount of grants that are often the difference between closing and barely just making it even at the best of times.
One of my favorite things about this bill is that we all know it's no secret, that New York City is going to be facing a pretty serious budget.
I. Do not feel like I need to go into the larger picture of why culture is important, but we know open streets will work because we've seen restaurants use it.
These, open culture bills to New, York's public spaces.
Who is one of the key members of council member Van Bramer's team who helped write these bills and he can add his insight and answer any questions that you have hi everybody Jack Bernadovich here with council member Van, Bramer's office, I'm, council, member Van, Breemer's legislative director and cultural affairs liaison since before Covid-19, and since I've been working closely with cultural institutions across the city and through conversations day to day with those groups and artists was a need to bring culture to the streets of New. The city is a stage.
And I do not know that anybody's going to be downloading a city app to be connected to the most exciting things happening right, now, and given this challenge of resources, I, just hoping, you could expound upon that and also what kind of feedback you've received from those who have signed on about this about that piece in particular.
It will be a website, a mobile, and so before app is created, you'll be able to go online on your phone or computer and look at it from there, and the city will already have the data through the permitting system we already have it, which is make it transparent and public and available to people.
Thank you for the explanation of the bills, and you know I think this is a very important idea.
And, you know, I, think prioritizing the kinds of arts and cultural institutions that are within the neighborhood that you know, they're looking for spaces is really an important one.
Do a five-borough tour right, now, they're, looking to do a like neighborhood tour, hang out in their backyard work with their constituents and their people and allow artists in that neighborhood to make some money.
They want to bring arts and culture into the streets, they're just hesitant about gatherings and making sure that the spaces are controlled fully because they do not necessarily have the maintenance staff or extra staff or the funds to hire extra people to kind of control, crowds and control.
It was at before and being a steward to the area that they're activating they're, not just there to do something and leave they're going to use it like they're borrowing is renting a stage or a theater they're, going to be tending to the space as well speaking of groups and gatherings, as there have been discussions regarding numbers in terms of the Covid-19 and expected winter.
We want to make sure that this is appropriate to Covid-19 and public health standards that we have right now, but we want to just create opportunities for cultural institutions to have this space available to them through this bill.
Their film productions or their event, productions and they're, very small, but you know it's block fairs and street fares and things like that which their common community boards do comment.
So with this program with open culture, it would technically within like looking at the city charter and kind of the nitty-gritty of it would be a different permitting program than traditional SAPO public programs.
There is not necessarily a there's, not a requirement for the community boards to oversee all the open, restaurants, applicants and making sure or who is applying for additional outdoor space, because there's a need for this.
There's a need for them to go out of the traditional spaces that they can't perform in right, now, the theaters, the stages, the dance studios like they can not use these spaces right now, and we want to make sure that the city could be open to them in some capacity and turning it into a stage or rehearsal space.
The only other thing I'd want to flag for the committee is obviously that you know transportation.
A number has done a lot of work on making recommendations on the other open street programs, whether it be open restaurants and things like that.
If, there's specific things I think if enough, if another committee on our board has said about either side streets or sidewalk use or things along those natures, we just want to make sure that you know it coincides with that.
I do not know if Amy. And, then I think I I had a rattling of a letter coming on.
Think that might be something separate for transportation to take up once this goes forward, and there is a bill in there in terms of how they want to manage the whole street thing.
But often you know what we see on the streets is that news racks are unutilized and unkept, and that can cause some sanitation issues as well as just taking up space on the sidewalks that, particularly now, without their dining and social distancing, really has never been even more valuable.
We also spoke with the 34Th Street partnership about some of their work on standardizing user acts and with John Mudd from Midtown south on his prior research on it, and one of the outcomes was that you know we just needed to look around the neighborhood to report some of the issues and get a better sense of what the issues are, since there are regulations that the Department of Transportation has for these news racks.
Do not think we need to deliver these issues so much, but in general you know we walked around the the hell's kitchen neighborhood, particularly around where I live.
You know around 57th street, and this is an area where there's no bid in order to help maintain the use racks or to provide a standard.
You, know, I think the DOT might have a schedule for when the publishers say that they're refilling news racks, but I'm not sure that that's publicly available.
So you know I do not think community members can verify if a news rack that they see is in fact registered.
You know I think there is information about the the timeline for when DOT checks on 301 reports about news, racks.
You know, I, think maybe that could be a little more publicly available on the 311 website and as far as I could tell the 311 app does not allow news, rack submissions within the correct category.
And I think you know that could also help to standardize how the news racks look on the streets as well.
There's a lot more work that needs to be done and from what I know.
My colleagues in intergovernmental relations have been working with city Hall on the legislation, and you know we do get complaints about the deteriorating conditions about news, racks.
But I think we could also use link NYC, potentially as a way to get the word out that when there is a better work these that they should be if people see them overturned or unattended.
You, know, I, think that would be a good idea.
You know if nothing else, the just flag, that it's an issue of community concern, and you know I appreciate that the feedback as well wendy, any other comments, any questions so I think we should.
This be our first one looks like maybe David Warren has a question before we get to letter.
We do she's coming online right, now, wonderful, so Iris Gersten is our district manager for students in temporary housing and she does great work and helping all of students in district two and in district three, actually, which is a very huge job, just maintaining all of their needs, especially now that so much of two-thirds of the learning has gone remote and many of our students in temporary housing are actually choosing to be a hundred percent remote because of just the great concern with Covid-19 and lack of health, care, etc.
You know, we've been having some issues with the spotty internet connection, and you know this is not good, because these kids really need to be online and attending these classes.
If you could first address well, two things what's happening with the internet overall in the shelters you know, and how could we possibly be of help and also with the broken devices.
So in terms of connectivity, like Iris, said most of the shelters are able to access their t-mobile cellular signals.
They go through the school, but we do track them and escalate them and try to advocate to make sure that students and shelters are being prioritized, since they generally need a cellular-enabled device and in those cases the unfortunate thing is: there's a backlog in getting devices so we're anticipating an eight to ten week, delay, which I think at this point was through some of that.
We have attendance data that we review in terms of students and shelters, I think when it comes to that piece around when they're reporting that there's still connectivity, issues, that's where IRS has had t-mobile come out, and ideally that's when they're trying to address the majority of those if you're still getting.
For some reason, there was a section of a hotel or something that was missed, because we do ask for them to specify like the back of the third floor, is where we're not being able to connect so that to your point, t-mobile could then go and see if they just need to boost a signal or, if that's some other larger issue, I, think Iris would not be able to speak directly to the hotels that she knows of and if something's been flagged as a larger problem, that they can't just fix through a signal boost in terms of one minute.
So there we do get the data reports from the Rld reports to see sort of where we are at in terms of requests which have been fulfilled, which are still waiting, and we are disaggregating that at this point, so that we can also share with schools, particularly around those that we know will be waiting for at least another month that this student would be waiting for another month.
Just thinking in terms of you know any letter that we may write from Community, Board 4.
And I am going to be speaking with every school, making suggestions on how they can spend that money, whether they choose to order headphones for kids, which I think is really needed if they want to order hot spots.
So I understand that also, you know I think it's.
I, think we'll have to hold on she sort of wanted us to quantify how many students, how many families have connectivity issues have device.
Issues, sounds like we're going to hopefully get that data, but I just wanted to share.
But I do not know if they will be one more question from committee member wendy.
If, your general signal is working, then you're able to engage for the most part, I, think they'll, still be.