Oh you we're gonna start a meeting good evening and welcome to city free Lanier's committee meeting for Tuesday June 16 2020. We are contacted contacting the meetings resumed tonight in my vice chair, Linda, isn't managing the zoom function and she is going to give a brief introduction about a student of functionality and also the guidelines. Can you all see that? No, that's fact if I'm right this is something about this sharing business, but not good at. Let me try again. Are you did last night mmm you did that last night I know I. Did it, but I didn't have an easy time right see: okay! Now, can you see it? Yes, okay, good, okay, so these are. These are guidelines that Michael Moreno put together so first to tell you that the meeting is being recorded and if you're, not a committee member, please sign in by entering name and affiliation. If relevant and any item you wish to speak to in the chat box, we'll have some attendance of this meeting. Please state needed muted. Unless you're speaking on your desktop computer, you can unmute using the microphone button at the bottom left or you can press the spacebar to temporarily unmute yourself on a phone tap the mute icon at the bottom of your screen. Please major! If you wish to speak on again on a desktop computer, you have participants at the screen, click on participants and at the bottom of the list, you'll see a button labeled raise hand on this phone press star nine. The rest of this is standard operating, so I won't bother to go over it. The main thing is to know how does how to unmute yourself and how to raise your hand, any questions. Okay, are you Linda I'm? Just on that side note, please use the chat box for checking in or yeah or use that chat box to technical questions or post your questions, but please do not use the chat box to share your point of view or discuss any issues or you'll be kicked out of soon. This is what we wrote in the last executive committee meeting and we don't want the chat parts to become a sign meeting. So the first item on the agenda is to approve the minutes from our May meeting, as it was mentioned by David Crane before I believe also Suzanne. We actually don't need to motion, and yes, we just well right so I'm, just gonna. Ask everyone in favor of approving the minutes say aye. Now we need a roll call need a roll call present. Okay, so you're just also for taking attendance purpose right, mm-hmm, okay, so Michael. Can you do that? Jackie Wong? Yes, Michael perlis, yes, Dominic bird, yes, donut in Chiu! That was a yes that was a yes correct, Thank You, Jonathan, Herman, Hewitt, Dancy, Herman, Thank, You, Trevor caller, yes, Thank, You, Trevor, recent kaplan! Yes, thank you! Lisa Olympia, Kazi, Damaris, race, Steve, Herrick, I missed the meeting so I'm not voting on that. Okay, yeah he's just connecting so yeah there. He is okay, call his name again: Tim howdy, tim Laughlin. How do you vote on the previous month? Minutes? Abstain? Absolutely thank you. So we have two abstentions in eight yeses. Thank you Michael. So the next item is the DNS district miss Damon every year around this time. Community pass three update is DNS as part of newer cities, budgeting process for its next physical year, which is 2020, and this year we aim to finalize the DNS in August instead of July due to kovat and we're gonna also add puppet together with the Patrick priority in October. So we have three months to work on the DNS, and tonight is just the beginning. So last night I sent you guys some documents, but it's just some work still in developing and as the district I mean, I heard that from Susan multiple times before and DNS is just about the needs for our district is not a policy statement not about specific program. Sometimes I still got confused and I'm sure, later Jim or Susan, and can give us more explanation about that and I. Remember in the exact it says that DNS, it should not be too lengthy, and we were also told several times that we should try to limit them to about five or less than five points to reflect our district priorities, and you see a separate file. That has certain points we move from last year, and this is because we want to update them, clarify the language and worry if the information is still correct, maybe also consolidate them, and so tonight we are just making some comments about this drop in so that Jim can edit it later. We don't need to Collider is that language and we are not voting on it tonight, so we would vote it. We would finalize it in August, but just not you not July, so there's one more points and we always try to make sure that those point in May in the district, miss Famers, have starters and numbers to support. In the past, a lot of the daughters were extracted from the Women's Center reports, but this year for men, Center has not published his housing report, which is also district specific. So maybe it will come out next month or if it doesn't, she may have to untie some supporting data from other sources, so Linda is handling some tonight and she's also going to take the notes for the DNS as well. So I'm, just gonna give this to - Jim - yeah. If Jim could say, Jim's gonna start I think with a little intro right, Jim Joe yeah. Let me I'll try not to repeat too much of what Jackie said, but just it think it's important to give a little context right. So this is the beginning of the community boards. Participation in the city budget process, which happens annually and the community board, really is first in line here. So we're so keep in mind we're talking about the fiscal year 22 budget that goes into effect, beginning July, 1st 2021, so the budget priorities and budget negotiations that are happening now between City Council, the mayor. We actually waited on that one calendar year ago, so think about a year from now. So the district need to say man I think almost a another way to think about. It is an assessment of needs right. The document should describe your community and assesses needs that exist, but maybe our unmet I mean I think we should it's important to kind of carefully focus on that leave. Specific budget programmatic requests policy recommendations for later and we're doing budget priorities or other resolutions. We don't even really need a recommendation to resolve a problem, just simply identify the problem or the unmet need a lot of outside groups, and even city agencies will look at this document and use it as a resource, particularly community. You know, nonprofit providers, CBO's and hospitals will look at it in terms of what the use of for you know, designing, programming requesting grant funding, helping as a resource to assess needs. You know they come to our district needs statement as a point of reference. We will use this district means, hopefully right to inform our budget priorities, which is the next point in the process, as Jackie mentioned, there's not always a one-for-one correlation between a need and a budget priority, but you try will also be preparing questions to vidual agencies at meetings that happen between for leadership, the district office and those agencies in September, so I'm keeping a running list of those questions, and we can draw more questions for that process. Out of these discussions over the next few months, we also, as Jackie mentioned, we've changed our timeline as largely as a result of CO vid. So we're doing this work now we want to finalize the committee work on your section, housing and land use by August. We won't vote as a full board to ratify until October with the budget priorities. At the same time, this is in case. You know we get more last minute information about something I mean it was a lot of moving parts in the city with the budget, with tax revenue with programs and policy and with neighborhood need so we're, leaving that window open to flexible if we need and I also a Jackie mentioned. This I also just want to address very quickly these documents that were distributed earlier. You know one of them, I think rather and eloquently says items to be removed from the district and each statement from last year. This is actually an extremely active working document, a work in progress, not a not a commitment to permanent changes. The goal, as in for by the executive committee, was to kind of synthesize and cut down on the length of the large DNS document this. So this is actually meant to be informing a reorganization, not necessarily a removal. We want to reorganize it in a way, I think that highlights what our main priorities are. So I'll give you an example. When you look at this document, we said if you want to I, can just clear this up really quickly. I think is, we said Oh in the remove document, and we said banding support for neighborhood, CBO's and renewing tenant advocacy work. What we actually I think want to do is move that it was its own standalone category next year, maybe organize that into the budget priority which is largely building and preserving affordable housing. So that's actually meant to be a reorganization rather than a removal which I can speak to as we get into the document. I just wanted that to be clear, it really shouldn't have said, remove it's a working document and all the request. Other items that are on there I am running to the HPD consultation. To get some answers about where certain programs are items, stand and I want people to contribute to that as well. If you have questions for HPD it'll be a running list, that's it for me from that I think I don't know, Susan did I miss anything. You could think of. No, the only the only thing I would emphasize. When we look at assessing the needs of our community. We want to focus on unmet needs and I want to say when we were talking about the tenant organizations, it wasn't just for budget priorities, but also we thought to move it under preserving affordable housing because it supports it, supports that need and that's it. I raised my head because I have a question for Jim. One thing you said: I didn't understand, it may I, ask it yes: oh yeah, so Jim you said when you were describing the process and how we should do it and I didn't understand what you meant when you said we shouldn't be making and city programs. Sorry what problem yeah! You said we shouldn't be looking at specific city programs right because those are priorities. Yes, so what I would say is identify the need right and I think this is something that I have not given. The clearest guidance on in the past identify the need that might be. Maybe you have a program in mind that is not meeting that need. We can speak to that in budget priorities, but for this document try to narrow in on the need, if the need is affordable, housing to preserve, affordable housing and a specific program, that's not properly facilitating that we could ask that budget question later, but I think we should identify that the need is to preserve, affordable housing. If that makes sense, rather than like this program that program we should in the budget priorities- and this question comes up every year like every year when we do this DN. As this question always come up, I remember that could I can I. Just add to that. Even if we think a program like an anti eviction program might be very important, we still may not vote on it as a budget priority, because if it's already well funded, it doesn't need to get more money. We would then look at something that isn't well funded. That would support us and that's why it's very important that we keep this running list of items that asks a say HPD at their budget consultation. We can get answers to how appropriately or insufficiently funded a program. Is it meeting their own internal metrics, whatever we can figure those things out, I'm at the budget consultation. Just to give you guys a little background about the budget consultation so last year in September, I went to the HPD and Department of Building budget consultations and district office already maintained a list of the questions they have for these two agencies, and sometimes in last year, I also add my few of my own questions to ask them specifically asking about certain programs, so that would be the budget. Priority is a little bit different from that. So you need a statement, but those questions about the programs we need. Now. We need I. Also sorry I had a note here. I'm sorry I didn't address this earlier. There was a question or something that Jackie brought up about the data points historically I think I've edited them all prior to this point in the process I'm behind on that work for a number of reasons, but it's you don't have to worry about it so that so yes, the Furman Center is one source. It needs to be updated which isn't available yet, but we actually do have the updated ACS data I just have it updated every single line in the DMS, yet these will likely there will be things that shift a little bit, but you know the year-to-year variation and ACS data shouldn't be so dramatic that you will see you can continue with the assumptions based on the last year's data. I will update this all prior to next month's meeting, but we got it under control. Basically and Jim, can you explain what is ACS data I? Actually, don't know what it says: yes, yeah! That's the American Community Survey. So when you think about the census right there doing, the old census counts right, where they're actually count every single person in the country right, but in the interim they do survey data where they're not doing individual counts, but they're. Looking at a smaller body of individuals who are contacted with similar questions to the census. Actually, there's different questions asked, but and then they make a projection about the larger population based on this small sample. So it's not as it's not a count and it has accuracy issues because of that, but it's the most sort of up-to-date data you can get in a year-to-year basis and that's what we use every year, because it's really the only reliable one of the major data sets that we're demographics, that's updated annually and it's just a standard I mean it's one of the standard data sets you would use for this type of study. Thank you. So we started Jim yep. So could you any look at all No? Are you gonna somebody's to screen-sharing? Last year's? Okay? Do you want Jim to walk? Go through like section by section yeah and just to remind committee members, we are just making comments about each of sessions. We don't need to work too much on the detail of the language, because we want to provide the comments so Jim can edit it and then come back to us next month. Okay, so every section has a little intro, I've, actually kind of worked. We have a laundry room. Sorry, we had kind of a laundry list of data points in this last year and I thought it might be useful to narrow it down to just kind of a few major buried, descriptive data points. So you could see we're talking about income disparity the gap between the highest serving and lowest incoming residents. Median asking rents have been increasing, we're going to document that, while renter income has decreased right, that's obviously those two in conjunction with each other quite problematic and then documenting the rent burden right, there's a large percentage of low income renters that are spending more than half of their income on housing, I'm, removing just for the time being, at least a data point from anhd about the risk factor for affordable housing loss. I think we can update that whenever they update their data they get around to it, but otherwise I think we articulate the same thing. What I am recommending adding in from last year, is a mention in the intro here about homelessness, which we didn't necessarily address. It's really that's really something for the Health and Human Services section, but I think it goes without saying it's a crisis in our district. It's connected to access to housing, so I just thought it was appropriate to add in a sentence about that. Every year we talk about how we have to have our affordable housing targeted at affordability, levels that are more appropriate for an actual neighborhood residents, we're keeping that I'm. Sorry Jim so who is controlling the Queen way? Now? Oh I'm, sorry, you know what I'm looking at it I don't have I'm, not controlling the screen. I'm reading off my own car. Well, let's keep up here because I'm yeah I, don't want to get lost. I can keep scrolling down yeah! Sorry, you know what window! Let me okay, so yeah other way just interrupt for one Roma Jackie. Can you be meeting at the participant list, so you can see whose hand is raised? Yes, you -, so you wanna, let's peek, okay, so window I'm a bit, basically the end of that first paragraph right after the bullet pool and after we listen well nah right. So what we're thinking school down a little bit and go to this coded nineteen section! This is something completely new and I think you might want to take some time to consider. This is the right way you want to address impacts that oak Ovid. Nineteen on your committee sort of serve jurisdiction. I'll read through this. If you want a new code, nineteen's impact on the real estate market and construction industry, as well as anticipated city budget shortfalls, which is the development of new, affordable housing at risk, as does cuts in the federal funding to states and local municipalities, HPD is primarily funded to federal sources, with sixty something percent of total expense budget in fiscal year. Twenty coming from the federal government, there is a need for more deeply affordable housing in cd3, but capital budgets for housing, particularly very low-income and supportive housing, are possibly at risk of significant cuts in the wake of in nineteen, and you can develop that you can edit that. But we want to throw something out there to start the conversation about how you know. Each committee is actually going to address Cove in nineteen and a little bit of a different way. So you know think about that. I'm Tim, I'm, gonna, let Lisa speak Lisa has a hand. Maybe this is a minor thing, but I found this stat with regard to the incomes of renter incomes, lowering to be confusing, because my guess is the low-income people were already very low and what that probably reflects is the higher income. People income is going down more. You know the first paragraphs in our statement, our diversity and I. Just wonder whether that between 2010 and 2017 median render income and cp3 decrease. My guess is it's. You know, people who were earning a hundred and fifty thousand are now learning a hundred and forty thousand, so you can check that I. Just wonder whether we should keep that or not. It may argue again start the economy of rich and poor. Yes, sir, can I can I make a comment about that Lisa. Do you remember? Last year we had the same question about this point. It successfully the last year. We are, we remember, Jim I. Also, ask you the same question not here. It is also at this point that I had problem with last year, so it would be nice to look into that. Yeah I mean so I tend to agree with Lisa I mean if you find something. If you find somewhere, you where you can cut the fat I would just cut it if it's not helping the case. Remove it. I do remember this conversation last year and I. Think the resolution in the end was that it's actually happening on both ends of the spectrum. Right, that's a sort of low income, you know, quintiles war incomes were going down and the high ends up right, but let me revisit that and then we can kind of flag it to just remove. If you think it's not helping, you know paint the picture. Does that is actually correct, because I remember that was extracted if I'm, firm and center yeah just that it's just a little bit confusing to check it yeah, but it's the no guys Koran you have the current number yeah I think we should not date it and flag it for possible all of its not helping tell your story right: yep, I'm, gonna, let Michael speak first and then Olympia Michael, yeah I mean quickly. I was just gonna, say, I! Think the bottom fifth of the city is actually getting poorer. I'll try to find data on that, but I remember, reading that recently yeah, the thing I was gonna mention is I was just checking the citation number ten HPD is primarily funded through federal sources, with 68% the link for that I. Don't think it matches up with the data, because the link goes to a nitro fact sheet. Maybe it's in there and I can't find it, but I'm also wondering is that of the capital budget. Jim, do you know yeah, so I have to revisit this. First of all, I picked up on that, even when I was just reading it back to myself. Now that one minute we're talking about the expense budget in one minute, we're talking about the capital budget, so I think I, don't remember what we're where we came up here. I'm sure the information came from our budget consultation meeting, where they kind of hand us packet after packet, dive breakdowns into the into the sources of funding, but I may have linked the wrong document. We need to get it updated anyway, so I think the maybe most helpful thing would be if you guys could just kind of like flag that one and I will get to the bottom of it. If I could just mention it came from there, it came from their PowerPoint last year, but I think need whether its expense or capital is a really good point. Yeah to figure out I wouldn't bother looking up whether this poor in the city is getting poor because we're only looking at cv 3, so I just want you to do extra work, but we should definitely see if the HPD is both capital and expense er. Just one yeah, I, assume yeah I'm alone. I see actually seem to remember that we did find that even somehow him see he threw me hide that quintile data and it was going down on the low end and up on the high end book. But let's just move on we'll figure that out in the interim and Olympia. Thank you. So I wanted to discuss Jim's point about the Coby 19 comment. That I think is, of course, super important because the city we're living is already changing a lot and I think we should also add in terms of the district needs protection, because what we are hearing right now is there is the predatory buyouts, and so there we will need to protect and preserve I, don't know how we're gonna ride in Jim Olympia later we would have a session on that. So let Jim continue we're gonna come back. I wrote that down. That's actually I think really important, yeah and we'll come back to it, because I think we can just frame it as a need and find some source for it. Yeah sorry I thought we were already there. We need to get the information and you brought up the topic so now. I need to research it and get the and get the documentation, and if you have any Olympia, if you have any supporting and data or documents that you can share, that will be really helpful. I mean if you heard that from some sources or you see any tada, because we always try to support arguments with some supporting data. So if you can share that would be really helpful yeah. You know what I should I should repeat this, because I think it was clear and other committees that have like maybe smaller sections. So what we are gonna do you know we're gonna kind of go over it now, but you know between now and maybe next month, like that's when committee members can look into these things, try to find a source, try to find a phrasing that you want to put together for something like that. We can help support that. You know this is that we have extra window here to do that work and that's actually exactly what should be happening over the next four weeks and also, if you have questions about cific, specific programs, you can send the questions to me and then I will consolidate them and send it to the district office. Thank you. That's just a possible, be great, now be really helpful. So if Jim can we move on yeah? So, what's so, that's the coded nineteen section if we scroll down a little bit, so this is kind of what I was saying right at about trying to consolidate. We had like ten different little sections and I think we could try to move to maybe like five or four broader sections, so we framed it a little differently last year and it was heavily focused on capital projects, but this one I mean build and preserve affordable housing in some configuration is always our number one need the last couple of years and probably much longer than that. So as it's written right now, this is largely unedited from last year, but it's all about capital projects, and this is where I'm suggesting you maybe move that section that previously sat on its own about funding for CBO's that do local CBO's that do you know, tenant advocacy, work, anti-eviction work, you can kind of plug it into this section in a sentence or two and that's part of the preserving affordable housing. It's just a matter of consolidating this into more concise units. So we'll have to add that in but I want to just note that there sorry I didn't do it earlier. So this one following this wait Jim before we go, can we just ask if the people affordable, the nonprofit people like Steve had enough Damaris is there if they could help us by telling us any capacity issues, it would be really helpful. Like? Are you turning people away? Do you need more staff? If you do, for which programs it would be really helpful to get that information, yeah cuz I want to fly like one thing last year was we specifically said something about staffing? Maybe staffing is not to be. Maybe it's funding for something else. I think any feedback we can get from RC partners and members of the board would be really helpful. For this and I have some language we can just kind of dump in here from the other section, but dad met. That needs to happen. That's an edit that needs to happen. So this next section right provides support for the expansion of Community Land Trust. Last year we had. We really reworked that section and made it more of a main priority and had previously been kind of one of our lower priorities and didn't have too much flushed out. This is largely the same as last year. The entire paragraph is unedited we've. What I'm gonna suggest some changes and I'm sorry I actually have this on my screen, not on yours, but I. Think, instead of instead of those bullet points, I think we just want to say something that actually speaks more to the need. So I think you might want to get rid of those bullet points and say something like in community board 3. There is a need for more support for planning and operations of established CLTS who are looking to expand and emerging CLT is that need technical assistance and education. Clts also need in cd3, probably already consideration when disposing of studio and property, and they need financial incentives to expand a transition of city foreclosed properties into CLT ownership. So you know what I can I can lend that language but I think it's a matter of we working this to identify a need versus be like a prescriptive policy proposal and I'm. Sorry I didn't share that earlier. I was working on this just before the meeting you know can I just add that the in terms of the CLT that they actually added 36 units they added two buildings at the end of March, you transferred to HDFC's to the let's update that. So, yes, they have 36 more units. Okay, also I had my hand up about this so and Steven you know, but that the CLT could also be one of the ways in which we avoid the buyouts in the predatory takeovers. So just to keep this in our mind, because that could be one of the solutions you want to consider. If that section should stand on its own or be consolidated into something else, I mean it's also a means to develop more affordable housing. So may you know that's up to the committee. I think I would recommend that the goal be consolidation as much as possible. So I think that's a good recommendation and you guys should consider you know how you want to organize that before we move on I just want to touch base on this predatory, buy all things so I mean I'm. Just thinking this out of common sense, I, don't I, don't so Olympia. Do you have any like articles? You could share that predatory pie house is happening right now or Steve. Do you hear anything about predatory pie, house right now in community for free I? Think we're just really at this point monitoring what's happening because we you know, we definitely have concerns that with the many tenants who are falling behind on rent that we may have some smaller property owners becoming distressed and then ending up selling off their properties to predatory equity speculators. So I, don't know of specific examples right now, but we are you know we look at the bit data that anhd provides and we you know we try to you know. If we weren't sort of working remotely, we would probably out doing some door-knocking and some buildings where we might have concerns because of certain indicators. Yeah I mean that the concern I have is that a gym might be very difficult to find out those supporting documents or our dollars to support this argument with how things are actually happening. So that is just my console. Add small landlords in cb3 that are being approached already. So we know it's happening. Okay, finding documentation may be difficult, but we know it's happening, I'm. Sorry. What you have the benefit of right is, as opposed to past years, a little leeway here and in seeing what unfolds over the next two months right. Alright, keep it everyone's thinking about this. Looking for these sources, or even you know, well, we shouldn't really use anecdotes, but it's something. Let's be thinking about this as we move through this for the next few months and notice. Oh yeah I'll have my stamp. Look, it's I'm gonna, be you know, look one of things is just looking at listings with brokers, and you start seeing how many new properties start getting put on the market. Things like great Olympia team, Jackie I would just add that I agree this isn't so much about tenant. It really is about smaller property I think it is anecdotal to some extent, but there's a variety of different news, reporting about large equity funds, waiting in the wings, etc. That I think, would be an appropriate reference here, so kind of back up the sentiment that there are small properties, especially with single owners and significant distress that have concentrations with rent, stabilized and controlled tenants. Thank you, Tim. If you are able to send us those links articles that to the articles that would be really helpful, so I could share that with the district office. - sure. Thank you yeah. Yes, so my question was because I hear you Jackie you're, asking us for data entries and articles. Some of these things are just you know the there I'm, folding and they're also like how do you say they they're endemic to the situation that we're leaving so there is dead, I mean what is the reason for which you think we need to have that I mean if there is. That, of course, will provide it, but I think it is completely fair to describe it as in need to the extent that we know it's the way the system works in a distressed economic situation. Well, no. What I meant was that we need some supporting documents so because you see Jim always cite the source of his arguments and if Tim can supply certain articles and if it is not bad at least we have something for gym two sites, that's what I meant. What I would recommend is I think, there's a fair argument to be said that some of this is gonna, be it's all unknown, and a lot of this may be will be things that work, we're sort of predicting that isn't documented. Yet what I still think the reason the sourcing is important is frankly, because of the way the agencies and the city engages with the document and the way they work with everything you know they demand there be some documentation of phenomenon. That communities are, you know describing whether that's right or wrong as a whole. Other conversation about how community planning works. What I would say is if this continues to be something that people are concerned about and there's, maybe only anecdotal evidence left look for something historical right. Is there data about how this unfolded with the last fiscal crisis? Right I mean you can still find sources somewhere and just I'm sure we're trying as much as possible to not have unsourced speculative. You know loose ends and the document so just think about it over the next couple of months and there's new stories, especially about cd3. Let's do it, let's share them in and put them in there, but there's options. Team I still see your heads up so I you do you still have a personal, oh, no sorry I, don't have my hand meant to not have it on so Tim. Can you get us information from property owners? Sure yeah, look I'm, trying to find that article, but I can get sure. Okay, so can we move on to next topic yeah? So we were down at Community, Land, Trust and I just recommended that kind of reorganization from the bullet points with like policy needs to more of a of a reframing around a description of unmet, so that this next section you know, preserve the viability of HDFC buildings. This has been kind of an evergreen section. You know at least since I've been here for three consecutive district need statements, I'm sure it's been in there beforehand. I'm also gonna, maybe recommend a little rephrase rephrasing of this around district I think what you might want to do is say: I'm, sorry, I'm trying to compare to my document versus the one on the screen here. It says you know: there's increasing operating costs, yes, lack of affordable refinancing options; yes, Genta creation, gentrification filled property value escalation. Yes, this is threatening these types of coops with conversion to market rate, housing or foreclosure. That's the need right, you're losing this model of affordable housing because of these problems. But then we turn around and say the city can help preserve these through, like a couple of bullet pointed programs what I'm recommending you might want to do. Instead is say to ensure these buildings of these coops remain financially solvent and a safe source of affordable housing in our district HDFC's need expanded support services, expanded financial training, enhance and stronger resale restrictions, including sales price caps and long term tax, abatements right so I'm, just suggesting you kind of rephrase it and I can provide that language, but I just wanted to present that change to the committee proposed change, which again is more of a formatting discussion, but I think it'll help the clarity of the document. Okay, so expand and support for residential resiliency upgrades I had a question on that last point on the Michael yeah I was just wondering if it would be possible for us to add and limited equity coops things like rijalallah buildings, okay, so it's not limited to just this one program and type of co-op, yeah I mean I, know HP often groups together. Hdfc is another limited equity co-op, so maybe we could potentially just add mitchell-lamas or HDFC's as well. It's all part of the Housing Development, Finance, yeah I, would say flag that and make it you know phrase it. However, you all feel is the most descriptive and accurate and covers the right types of buildings to make us fabian about the need in this district. Okay, come on oh right, so this residential resiliency upgrades is has been a little complicated in the last few years. I mean I. Think the need very clearly is this overwhelming number of dwelling units in the floodplain right. It's I mean the numbers staggering and they're extremely vulnerable I mean the question. I think has been we kind of got information from HPD last year that whatever tax abatements they're offering for residential resiliency upgrades, apparently hasn't been taken advantage of, they actually I think gave less than a handful of examples, if not zero examples within cd3, where a bit owner had applied for one of their resiliency upgrade abatements I have to go back and visit. My own emails for specifics, but I, remember, I was really shocked by that. So I think it's. This is also a matter of Reed and Steve. Actually, you kind of related to me at one point last year that there are some issues even for, like the not-for-profit housing providers of reasons why you may even not want to participate in some of these programs so yeah and that the incentive isn't really there for owners from what I understand. Yeah be the image. If you don't mind, I didn't raised my hand. The MHA recently got a green housing preservation loan, which includes being able to do not just energy efficiency, but some resiliency work for five of their buildings and it was a very long, drawn-out process. It took like three years to close on that application and there was a big struggle over the new regulatory agreement, HPD one of them to sign when they had already just done a new regulatory agreement like seven years earlier so but yeah they give a few thousand right. The amount of money they give per unit is modest, but then they wanted them to borrow and it was a forgivable loan. But then they wanted them to borrow additional money that they had to pay back, and so they had to spend a lot of time. Haggling over the scope of work, and so HPD does not make it easy to do to do these kinds of projects. So I don't know how to talk about streamlining and they're there long can we have like a barriers. You know what the barriers are. Yeah I'd have to think about the wording on that, but the you know the it's sort of a the building has the HPD sends out their engineers who do move to seller inspections and then recommend a scope of work which can be very different from what the building's board thinks is the important scope of work, so it I, don't know I have to think about how to describe that problems. You know I think that you're really hitting the nail on the head right. It's a little bit complicated to figure out exactly how you want to phrase it and, of course it's getting into really like policy recommendations at this point yeah. But you know: if the need is there, maybe we should state the need. So I was like a start. A starting point. I was recommending saying something along these lines and I don't think this is perfect, but something like your the need. There's a need to protect these vulnerable units right by tailoring programs to specific financial needs of low and moderate income housing providers so that they can complete. You know, building infrastructure upgrades and take proactive steps to become environmentally resilient. You know- and we can say something about how this must be tailored to certain types of buildings, whether it's HDFC's or other. You know that was a starting point. I'm trying to some language I think it's a little difficult, but it's something to think about. Mm-Hmm I still think if we could put something about current barriers, you know, because you know that is a you know, overcoming something that's stopping us from fulfilling our need. Right. I mean it's clear that the program exists. It's not being utilized we're not getting all the upgrades like we could be getting. So how do we? How do we phrase that it's a problem? Steve I'm just wondering if you could share a little bit more with us. Why HPD is asking smoke, those landlords to borrow the property owners, to borrow more money from them and also how much? What is the way they charge them well and I could probably send you a term sheet. So you could look at the program guidelines, but the green housing preservation alone will provide for like smaller, like for small buildings and they might give five thousand per unit, but as the building gets larger, they'll give like thirty five hundred per unit. So if you have in the case of the MHA, they were going to do about a hundred units of renovation, I think actually, the maximum they'll give is about four really small buildings about eight thousand per unit. So they could have borrowed over half a million dollars as a forgivable loan, which is what they wanted to do to put rooftop solar on five buildings and do some other modest building improvements and they wanted to replace the roof or repair roofs on two of the buildings, and that was their main focus and an HPD came in and started talking about all these other work that they wanted them to do. On top of that, and then the loan was gonna grow to like well over, like a mil about a million and a half and they're like we don't. The board was like we're. Not gonna borrow a million dollars just to fix up or renovate five buildings out of our twenty in one building portfolio. It's not something the other buildings are going to support because they're going to be paying the debt service on it. So it was a long process of haggling over that and HPD really scaled. It back to the point where I think they borrowed about six hundred thousand ways what it came to and they didn't, they don't have to pay anything back or if they do. What's a very small amount, so they're getting essentially what they wanted, but unfortunately it took such a long time to go through this, and this is a relatively new program that HPD set up and I. Don't know if it's undersubscribed, but that part of the reason may be because they're, not being you know, flexible enough and working with buildings, but you know we're. We would like to bring more buildings into the program. I'm just nervous about doing it and have the building's boards have a terrible experience. I mean to me. It sounds like that. Usually is more substantial than just administer administrative barriers, but I guess we could like book out the language later Oh Liam here you have a hand. Yes, so when Steve was talking about the streamlining process, fees and you know the whole resiliency upgrades one other thing that we may wanna mention as a need is the need for coordination, because one of the concerns that I had is when there is FEMA doing certain work and they you know the CD programs are not somehow coordinating with that. I, don't know how. If this is something that you Steve or others have heard also- and so it could be, you know need for them to coordinate, but apparently they're really bad a bad work. It's not really a need in the sense that we're using it it's more an administrative function that needs to be improved Stevie. You have anything to add. No I think that was basically it. Thank you, Steve Jim. Do you want to go to the top? The other document first before we go to nature or is that useful I mean I? Can I can just run through like why certain things were consult or I'm blind, recommending consolidation and why I'm recommending you know cutting things so there's essentially four sections that were in here last year that I reckon- and we did this with every committee, so the first one was like expanding the support for the CBO's in the district that you Jim. Can you let I'm sorry? Can you let Linda, oh I'm, sorry I'm. Looking at a gap, sorry I keep looking at my screen. Oh wait: where do we want to go here? No he's wandered over to the removed or like proposed for removal or reorganization document. With all that doesn't document what, let's see, what is our nature? Okay, we can go to magic, no I think we should go to talk about those four points. First and then we come back to Nigeria. What's what what's removed? Yes, what's removed? Oh yes, I didn't have ready to pop up I'm. Sorry to say: do you want me to yes baby for next month? We could just reorganize it and show it to you next month in the reorganized fashion. Would that be easier? You know we don't have this document right. We don't do it was you know you have it in your email. You do I sent it to you. When did you do that at what time so I can find it is, to date, I, send it around before noon. Oh, it's! The same. Email spread, I use, 1101, Lisa, Thank, You Jackie. For that record, the other attachment you sent us yesterday, I, don't know if other people were able to open I was in there with us the last year. Dms that you sent does the PDF I have never been able to open I, don't know really, and it's also on a website. It doesn't have a comments on our website, though the one that he sent the comments. No, it's good Oh. What happened note the one I sent out last night was the one. From last year we've now come. He was just from last year, EDF yeah, it's a PDF for your run because we had one. We sent you with comments yeah. My understanding is that you send to that out this morning as a follow-up right just know, he sent out the Doudna, the ones with the removal suppose today, okay, so you actually sent out three different things. Then, yes, mm-hmm, yes, Lisa Belinda. Would you be able to pull out that file say which one the one that was removed? Yeah, it's not on the screen. I, don't see it I see it go through it. I can go through it and we, you know, I can get this moving. So the first thing right was well I already mentioned right. There was a section: that's stood alone, about expanding funding for the CBO's that do kind of various tenant protection and advocacy work, I'm, simply saying to kind of lump that and consolidate that with the preservation of affordable housing section the next thing I'm recommending removing is every year for the last three years, we've said ad C community district, three to the certificate of no harassment pilot program, whether it's gonna be over by the time we're talking about next year's budget right. So we're asking to join a program that doesn't exist anymore, so I would say. Yes, we asked we asked HPD, never responded positively. The mayor's office never responded positively. The programs there's no pilot anymore, so cut it right. I mean unless the pilot becomes main is that we keep that in the back of our heads and if the pilot becomes you know if they were new the pilot and we're not ending again, let's write a resolution right. I I don't because I'm as it says now, we're asking to join a program that won't exist so I just want to I think it makes sense to flag that or when the pilots over see you how the city approaches it when it's on sets and then write a resolution at that point, you know responding. However, we want to respond. I also be a budget. It could also be a budget priority question. Well, so I wanted to add that what I also I pulled this budget priority questions, because I want more information from HPD about how the pilot is working. Right, I mean they have not given us a ton of data, and we don't know what we asked for in past years, but I think we need to follow up a little bit on the efficacy of this program. As it's been proposed. You know, as far as the pilot is structured, so I flagged that and it's gonna be in our budget consultation questions. The next section here was this issue. This was around the fear of you know: HUD budget cuts right. We need the city to step up and commit more money directly from city coffers. To you know, capital budget line items for affordable housing construction. You know my feeling is that this is like totally up in the air at this point, given the total hit that capital budgets are gonna, take, there's no tax revenue or there's a huge reduction of tax revenue. I think what we tried to do is address most of these concerns in the proposed paragraph about koban 19 right, because we're saying we're just not making it a standalone item, we're saying it is part and parcel of the broader impact that code would 19 has had on the entire economy and the production of affordable housing or housing at all right. So it's more of them, that's just being reworked and moved into our code at 19, and then oh sorry, can I just say. Well, in the paragraph where you mentioned about the impact on HPD and DOB building inspection, could you also put in do H because they also do inspections? We've had them do a lot of lead dust inspections and buildings getting renovated which that's under insure? That city sources compensate you have DOB and HPD mention under without enforcement city, what it should be a budget priority yeah. So that's what I'm gonna say: I didn't bring this up as budget priorities. Remove and I have already they're on my list of questions to ask for budget priorities. So we need to ask all those agencies about Staffing for inspections. You know what violations are looking like. Are they adequately funded? Are they fearing cuts in these areas? You know that's what we're gonna ask budget consultations: okay, yeah! Maybe it's just a good place to just kind of explain. We're gonna have any program that we think needs more funding in October we're gonna vote on those priorities which programs there'll be 25 for the board and we'll vote on which programs need more funding or need. You know more baseline funding, the some of them come from City Council and another thing is some of these funds come from City Council and we're really dealing with agency funding. So those are all things we'll deal with under budget priorities. Yeah, that's a big thing, a lot of a lot of this money. You know coming from council discretionary funds is important and you might want to consider like, as a budget priority to you know, move this over to a city, budget line and baseline. You know these are things we can figure out closer to budget priorities in October, and so this is actually a very good transition into the other one I'm recommending removing from last year, which was this need to adequately fund city agencies to address housing code violations. We requested this year after year, the year after year, and then there actually was a lot of money and hiring put into adding inspectors, particularly a DOB, adding whole departments that had to make previously. The issue, of course, is it doesn't really have like a clear. You know, causation versus correlation with the violations right, because the violations actually go up. When you add inspectors, okay, you know, which is good right. I mean you're, kept things that don't exist, but if you're looking at the data in a vacuum, you would say- oh I think we need to add inspectors because we're getting so many more violations. But after we've got a bunch of consultations, they say: oh actually be bad if you know X number of inspectors over the last year and we don't really feel like there's unmet need. Actually we may be, you know, have people that the demand isn't even there for these inspectors, so I'm literally losing yeah. They can't another thing to look at, for that is like how many violations are, how many complaints are filed and how many days it takes to inspect them, and that will so, let's know whether we need more inspectors or not and that's a standing question. We asked I think every year, the budget consultation. So that's what I'm saying about this being work in progress. A lot of this will kind of get worked out as we get feedback from the last year from the agencies themselves. But again, as you mentioned, it's still budget priority right, it's about a program or a staff, hiring question and if I could just say another place where you can see all this information is the mayor's management report. Okay, so do we that was four items I recommend like either removing or rephrasing in the way I mentioned to consolidate I think it helps make it more about needs and less about program and policy, and you know that's where it stands. So did you want to move on? Yes, so Steve I would put your deal. Oh Jim said he already. Has that question that the OAH question on his list, so we will address it during the Patrick priority. Is another committee, though right, not our Alumni committee right. So I should note that I mean if anyone flags questions, please send them to Jack right because there's a lot of time passing between now and then I am keeping a running list, but send them senator Jack, Jim and Susan. Is there a deadline? We can post their questions to you yes hold on I. Look at my calendar. Remember I had some questions and then I just you know past that deadline. We were not able to post - I have to see no Susan, so I have to have everything in on the 26. So if I could have it by the 22nd just to explain the 12 Manhattan boards combined all their questions for each agency, no, if I could have them as and I'll, take them on a rolling basis too, because we divide them up by agencies. So you said 22nd of this month right, it's a drop dead. If you can get them to me before. That would be good. Okay, all right all right! Thank you! Olympia I, remember! Last year you said you also has some questions. So if you want to ask those questions again, you could just send it to me. I, don't remember what we had this conversation, - I remember. We said we were too late to submit those questions about that specific agency about specific agencies. So we asked questions - HPD. Do they program right? Thank you. I know it's a bit could be about. You know, staffing is it meeting need? Is it is it effective? Are they what are their metrics for measuring success? Things like that I mean one of the things that I would like us to use the brain trust we have in this call and the district needs reflection is because of what is happening with copy 19 I mean we hear a lot of things anecdotally, like the exodus, etcetera, so I don't know if we should be like, for instance, you know how they were proposing the micro housing staff more and more, and they said amenities etc. So these kind of things now, of course, I mean sheltering up in place with a two-year-old and a four-year-old like making bigger places, you know okay, so it could be. But again it really depends. I mean we should be yeah is the public health crisis right is pump? Is the reality of Kovan 19, impacting either the allocation of resources, or even just the way that they are thinking about prioritizing certain housing programs right exactly we can ask that I mean they've, given us answers before we asked them last year. How are you prioritizing? You know in terms of brain power and money CLTS, so I think we can ask. The same type of question has Cove in 19 the way you're prioritizing certain housing models, because some of them require extremely close living quarters. So we cook, which will financial I, have a financial impact to be right. So let me think about that: send a question to Jackie. If you have one, though we can keep that on the radar and figure out a way to ask that and Jim can we if the committee members have no more comments on this, so we want to move to the night recession Linda. Do you my to go back to the night recession, please, for some reason that I don't fully understand, someday I will understand this share screen I've, never even tried it yeah, it's mystical there. You go daddy, thank you and if I change the document it doesn't share it. You have to go back in shared document, Jim, okay, so you know just this section I think is tough every year because of the nature of the relationship of to the city, budget, federal, monitor ship and the ever-changing nature of their internal programming, but I think what how we can. What we're doing right now is close to identifying needs right, so NYCHA owns and manages over 14,000 units of low-income housing and cd3 right. That's describing our community. This community preservation of these apartments is viable right, secure, publicly owned right, not privatized, vital to ensure that our community remains diverse and economically integrated. I feel, like that's a neat. We can debate it, but that's my thinking and then we're identifying like what is kind of confusing or complicated. So we're saying changes an agency leadership, better girl-- monitoring, uncertain funding from HUD and proposals for increasing public-private partnerships underscore the fragile condition of NYCHA funding and operations in CD three. We then go on to cite the last stated: budget shortfall I have to update that there's, probably about dated data for this year. It's always a moving target, it's always getting worse. Actually so I will flag that and update it. Now there were needs last year that we kind of went back and forth on I mean one that I think remains clear is and that I'm definitely leaving for now is or think we should leave for now is community. You know participation or community engagement for next gen, naicha and rad. These are major changes being proposed, specifically in our communities, for not just city wide, both infill and the permanently affordable commitment together, that's the PAC, it's the local version of this of rad. These are models that are being introduced, they're introducing the private sector into Nitra properties in this district and dramatically change the way our developments are managed and funded. Several developments in CD three have been discussed as possible sites for these programs. There must be increased engagement and transparency from NYCHA regarding these new programs better understand how they impact the public housing stock and the public housing residents in our district I know that's very general and broad, but I think it's a real need. What I'm kind of recommending to remove right last year there was this big back-and-forth about the public safety element, and what we found was that there were kind of calls that last year for more staffing for PSA 4, because large sections of the district, possibly didn't have NCO units assigned to them. I think we into the finding of this wasn't actually true and in some ways there were more PSA for NCOs than a typical precinct has there was absolutely untrue? Was we documented actually yeah, so I'm just I? Just you know, I, don't wanna get back and do it again, but that is why I'm recommending or moving and I recommended that last year we ended up keeping it but I think it's only further complicated by what's going on with policing and yeah for particularly in our district right now. The other thing was we had a section that just said we need capital repairs, addressed I, don't think that's very instructive. I mean it's obvious: given the budget shortfall I, think if we had some specific locations or even more narrow line items within a specific location that might be useful, but I don't know if just the general statement of we need capital repairs addressed is useful and we actually do say it in. We say it earlier anyway. So that's why I'm recommending those changes but yeah I, don't know if it's useful to say which buildings need capital repairs, because they already have a prioritized list which we share with the committee last year and that prioritized list which goes on the outside of the building. So then the inside is the way they're going to get funded, yeah I'm, sorry, I, actually forgot I brought that very point up earlier I'm contradicting myself, I'm losing my mind a little bit. That is true right. We've done this before and NYCHA has come back and said. Well, we already have the order of operations for how we do our repairs and that's just the way it is and they're all things that we need. You know Lisa what were you trying Olympia you're meowing, so judges? Yes, so it takes me some time to coordinate we're all losing our minds him. One thing that I just realized is and again I don't know, because this is going to be for July 2021, but one of the issues is the right to counsel program and basically, the need for more support for tenants. That are a big thing that say there is this something that you know I don't know if Steve has ideas about how especially it works on that in our district, but maybe we can. This is said to me something that copied 19 is bringing you for. Like. Oh sorry, Steve I was gonna, say I mean the right to counsel program, though, is doesn't operate in this zip code. So it's well it's right. Now, it's just sort of still like I, think they've expanded it to 20 ZIP codes in the city, yeah, it's being phased in so by 2022, everyone at a certain AMI below a certain am I, not saying that we want them to expedite it, because people are evicted like our evictions are way down, go out and Furman Center I know, but I think they're. Gonna go way up, but that's a different thing. That's a very different thing that we'll be looking at this year. Well, I think you would don't we so what's happened in the past if this is instructive, that all is we have asked for this before and what keeps happening. We asked for more money for like very various iterations of right to counsel or for funding directly to CBO's, for this type of advocacy, and what we hear back at the budget consultations is that they're pumping a ton of money into these programs I mean it's. This is an interesting question with how complicated this gets. There is funding for these programs and I think last year. What we were here was tough, but issue was actually hiring they literally they had the money, couldn't get lawyer to take the job right, so we kind of said well, we need this, but asking for more as a budget. Priority isn't gonna help because pumping more money into it isn't gonna get to those lawyer, tired, so I, just it's just a matter of considering that type of thing. Also, what AB Olympia is talking about is what's needed right now. It's not something! That's yeah! We you're talking about people that are going to be evicted because of kovat. That is something yeah, I'm, afraid Susan it may last it's gonna be waived okay. So what we need to do is then ask what funding they're having for those programs- and you know find out again that's a funding issue yeah. So let me note that for funding the budget question- and you know if something the other thing to consider is if something feels like it's an immediate need right and it's more of a priority than fiscal year. 22 July 2021, maybe pull it aside and think about a resolution for a future month. That's policy based or a call to your council member or something you know, that's always an option, and it's not in our district. Do you believe there is anyone else doing that work in our district or there just left on their own I mean we link buildings to we work closely with you know. Legal service groups like take Route justice mobilization for justice, so we'll work with halt. They'll work with halt tenant associations and bring HP actions against landlords, but you know in cases of dispossesses. You know a lot of you know will council people, but a lot of people go to court. You know pro se just to defend themselves, maybe something we cannot because when I heard is they're cutting their funding, yeah I think Jim already taken notes on that, and then we just gonna ask asked the questions that Apache power, because everything with the all vote, all together in October so week up some time ago, suddenly way here, let's find out, because we were surprised last year to find out that funding wasn't an issue. It was other problems. So what's let's ask this and find out right. So that's all I have I mean committee members. Do you have any more questions on this? If not, then Lisa did you have a the you have a question: no okay! Thank you. So what happened next is that Jim gonna take our comments and he is going to put together some languages and then we and also do some research based on the comments we make in next month. We're gonna have documents to review again and also before I close -. Nice meeting just want to remind everyone that if you have any questions about specific programs related to HPV and DOB, you can send a questions to me and then I will put together for Susan, so she can discuss that with the parole board. That's why I have for tonight any other questions. Okay, thank you! So much Linda and for helping I'm, sorry, I just request any public mem, not sorry, not public member, any person from the public who is on the call if they could put in there of them I copy them already. So don't worry about that, but you did okay. So when you, when you send me the minutes, I would add that if anyone is missed from it, thank you and thank you everyone for your time and thank you for all the non land use community board members joining us tonight. I saw Choi was here and I want to ask try to give comments about nature too, but I don't know if that is appropriate, but I will speak with you later then I guess. Thank you and, let's you know so we'll kind of come back next month. This feedback it and you know, be thinking about this in the interim and we'll move document Jackie. Do you want to send me things? Yeah members comments through you to me. That would be very helpful. Yeah we taking attendance at the end or no. Yes, we do turn yep, so I need a motion to adjourn the meeting adjourn. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Michael. Are you taking attendance? Yes, I had meeting. Thank you so much guys. Thank you tonight. You don't you. Thank you.