So, we're back to item number one, the front facade window project at 456, west 23rd, street, and we, the chelsea landers committee, reviewed this, and then we wrote a letter that was voted out at July, 31st Full board and what it really was is a very straightforward project and we recommended approval of the application with the recommendation that LPC the landmarks preservation commission research and determine whether the original window style was different from what the applicant was proposing in this renewal.
The applicant has and technically the applicant does not have to come back to the community board for chelsea land use committee or the board landmarks is holding a public meeting not to be confused with a public hearing on this project.
So apparently, we don't honestly know if landmarks researched the original design issue or not so we're kind of in the dark about that, Then we just wanted to update you on this reduced scope on this and see if you had any comments about that, so we're open it.
Don't know if LPC investigated it or not, but the applicant is really in a kind of a bind because they they're going through a facade change right now, Let them.
You know let those LPC staff approve what we've previously approved and let them move on with their project Why and what's the purpose of a meeting, and why not have a hearing Do you you've, communicated with landmarks?
What I would suggest is that we do a new letter that welcomes the use of the wood, but also references, the designation report and the image in it of 462 as the indicator of what the original condition would have been and ask landmarks to call for matching the original configuration as well as material and simply stating that they should refer to It's, actually on page 32 of the designation, report , there's an image and that image has now been digitized in high resolution at the website of the new york historical society.
If you wanted to zoom in on it and really get a good sense of what you should be basing the new windows on that's now available, and we could even reference that in the letter again, there wouldn't be any public discussion of it at landmarks, but it would still be taken under advisement.
Any other questions, comments, thoughts, committee, members, fearing no It's not an impossible task in williamsburg people, We should ask for it other thoughts from other committee people, so I would wrap up by saying then I think what we want to do is ask for the for LPC to request that these windows be replaced in their original format.
Okay, so the direction it looks like we're going is to say that we welcome the 100 wood instead of the 40 percent wood fiber, and that we ask that LPC require that the arched windows and all this background, with the eight or nine identical houses in the row and the photo be followed, and this is consistent with our past positions that summarize it for you guys.
Is that given Covid-19 and what we're facing for a city budget there's going to be no money, So I think for us to put in a lot of requests for funding for anything that goes beyond education, public safety, health, And I, don't see how the city can fund anything, that's extraneous.
Many other additional requests this year, I, don't know, did you say, security, paul, well, public safety, so fire and police safety, public safety, education, housing and then healthcare, hospitals and things like that?
So, but we have rolled out I rolled out to the exec members, which include paul and betty, and actually a couple other folks on this on this call that basically, what I think the budget task force is looking to do, because, while we recognize obviously the severity of what's going on right, now.
Is hear what each committee does says about the existing priorities, but then have a secondary sort of set of kind of much more current issues that we that they think that are.
You know two to three issues which I think actually paul described very well, so not to say that if you guys decide not to engage in a conversation about the existing priorities that were put in last year and how they're, if they need to be changed- As the committee wanting just to say, we think these are the three most important things right now and that that's fine and that's what that's.
I wonder if we encourage some sort of a study of how could space be repurposed, whether it's vacant space or under utilized space and turned into affordable housing, because I, don't think you know buildings like the one that my wework was in are getting all their tenants back.
I, don't know if we can ask for something like that to be studied, but it just occurred to me that it could be an opportunity to potentially do something positive coming out of this whole debacle, and I think that yeah kid, I think, that's a really great idea, and Is the issue of these hotels that are turning into homeless, shelters and how is that being planned?
To have them recommend someone coming up with a plan, but I think that you're also talking about commercial space right And, so not just the hotels and the homeless situation.
If you could, if you could look into that and share it with us, that'd be great, and even if it's not department of buildings or department of planning, which we mostly would request for you know, betty, and I can certainly bring it forward to the other committee to the budget task force and see.
I think in some ways you're sort of asking for two things: one you sort of there might be something as in the budget that you want right that there's a budget request which won't really get answered until next spring, when the preliminary budget gets sent, out.
The request won't be as highly functioning at that point, but maybe it's still a valid request, whatever it may be, But, then there's another thing which I think it sounds like you're making an idea of a requ, not so much a budget request, but a planning conversation to be happening.
Here's what here, I'm going to make money on this, so here I'm going to do, is that there's got to be some sort of significant collaboration, whether we call it a task force or a city working group or whatever to start thinking about What kit's talking about which is like you, know, not.
Think that to jessie's point we have another month of working through this, So I'd like to suggest that we close this conversation, but that if people have ideas and thoughts that we bring, you know send them, send them along to me and betty I do agree with it in that, maybe that there has to be collaboration with commercial training, residential.
If you could think through that a little bit, that would be helpful and then let's see if we can't come up with some good points in October, so thank you so paul we're not going to produce anything now for the budget committee tomorrow, night N't The budget task force is meeting tomorrow.
The budget task force is going to want to hear that as well.