My first committee meeting And I, want to thank brian ben newenhoven for all the work he has done in the past.
This is a requirement of the budget process and it gives members of the public a chance to comment on budget requests that they would like to see coming from our board.
Let me know the topic that you want to speak on, so that we can control the length of time of the meeting.
I, just wanted to say that in the 197a committee that we're working on when it comes to the sale of nathan, perlman place, one of the main parts that we have is pre-k seats, 3k in precases for community use.
The public hearing for community district 6 needs statement and budget request for fiscal year.
She has several items on our for our consideration: I'm, not sure how we should do this corrine, but I'm thinking, maybe just to go through the capital budget items and the first few are on housing.
I, think what we're dealing with here is actually homeless, families, and This was the closest that we could find at the time I'm going to look to see if there's another one, that will focus our attention more on homeless families, and if so, we will do that.
I'm mistaken in that I thought I thought that aft, when we started the process for fiscal year, ending 2022 that we were going to be more specific as to particularly as with as respects the capital budget, rather than just saying direction of spending, basically amount of spending in terms of what what's actually needed.
It has everything we could need in a discussion, including things like when was it first put in what agency Okay, so number three improve accessibility of transit of transit infrastructure by providing elevators, escalators, etc, and then there's a whole bunch of specific locations listed there.
One number 10 renovate upgrade or provide new community board facilities and equipment, considering the fact that we have a new, fairly new office and that we're currently in a situation where people are working remotely to a large extent.
We dropped this a little bit on the list, but we're also looking at a very long time frame here for the city to provide capital funding for this kind of thing.
Doesn't this one really is looking more at the district office being something that's owned by the city and how you might use it in other ways beyond just the community board.
Another item that talks about the potential for a multi-use public space that might include the district office but might have other things as well.
I, you know, I, don't know what to do with this, because technically the post office is not under our jurisdiction and if those people want to po on a park wherever they want to park they're going to park there I mean we got another item here that talks about buses like it's inner, state, buses that come into town We said that there should be a parking facility for buses and, for example, post office trucks.
Would that make any sense, I mean otherwise People the neighborhood, was really annoyed with all those trucks taking up parking spaces and blocking the streets, and it was.
I think that if it feels like it's kind of a weird request, it's still something where you know post office trucks are routinely stored on the street for several different offices.
You know anywhere where people were creatively trying to do something that needs to be done, that those places are now closed, and so what happens?
Our unsheltered aren't going away anytime soon and regardless I mean people need to use restrooms, and so our request from hhhr.
I wanted folks to know that it was coming from the committee and that the basic principle there is, if you're, released from a homeless, shelter in the morning, and you can't return until the evening.
If you really want to move on that park in this, direction, it'd probably be a good idea to show up jointly with land use in some form when those presentations are going down, because those plans are pretty much set Now. They start work.
There, was a request for a comfort station somewhere like around 20th street, but I, think it got lost in the in the task force.
You know you take a quarter from a homeless guy We could keep murphy brothers playground as an item and then a second item be an additional number where we would identify locations, hopefully Basically, it's a toilet with a wash space We can definitely work on that more and happy to take any suggestions and thank you, jim for suggesting something, some kind of ebt card or whatever we want to call it It helps and helps make sure that it's targeted to the people who actually need it as opposed to somebody who might want to use it for some other purpose.
You may want to put it up where the older kids play, which is near the con ed field, there's a parking lot across the street that comed uses and that may be, or on that block.
This would have to come from the committee, but I'd like to see whether we could- whether the libraries actually need to make internal changes to make them safe in things like the shutdown so that you can socially distance and keep the libraries open, at least in part.
That's, on first avenue with the scaffolding that you're referring to, but that's all part of that same building The response is that the city is not going to do it from the city from the parks budget, but that we might be able to get money from the borough president or council.
I think that roof was completed like five years ago, so again, rick the issue with that roof was and again this was pre-covered when they came and spoke to the committee, but they wanted to the roof was done, but it's not accessible to people right now.
Is there any free money, that's going towards the second avenue , I, don't think the language reads: correctly, though, to repair and upgrade You're talking about building a new subway line, not repairing and upgrading and stage Two is gonna have to be done before you even consider stage three and stage two is almost partially done, because the tunnels are built up to about 110th street and they're nowhere near getting to that they're trying to get all of the funding for that and the third stage of the second avenue subway requires a special kind of boring because of the rock underneath.
I mean the whole situation is maybe pretty beyond the purview of the board, but we just need to keep fighting for that capital money for the third phase.
This makes any sense to me at all is if we put this in the category that we did with the queen's bridge at full board, where it's something that we put it somewhere on the list farther down and use it as something that the planning gets to the point where it's shovel ready, so that if the feds decide to infuse money into the city for projects for infrastructure, we've got some stuff there, but other than that I mean this may happen in the lifetime of I.
It definitely does sound like it needs specific locations, but if we haven't been given them by the committee, I guess we'll just let that go.
If those members of the of this committee who are on transportation, want to pursue that specific locations, that would be great, otherwise we'll just leave it.
You know the libraries are places that people go not to get booked so much as to use the equipment and to get access to online The two items are clearly related, they're, clearly related, but is one a structural design change and the other an equipment, design, change, One is in physical infrastructure and the other is you know and isn't that an expense item anyway, frequently well, no they're talking about fiber optic, cabling, Let's leave it where it is, and we'll do two items just to emphasize the point, but we're going to definitely redo number 17 to reflect making the space usable and for people in tough situations, okay , improve access to a park or amenity tudor city's ramps on 42nd street.
You can make this crossing in two separate stages, but it used to be you would cross in a single stage and with you know, you got a six year old in toe and a and a baby in a stroller It looks like the parks committee has suggested we removed.
We can add that to the list of things to talk to pam about, but probably taking it out, and now we come to the scene, create a new senior center or other facility for seniors, which is listed as the last item for some reason and ozzy Was there something you wanted to just listen into the conversation?
I think it's really awesome that the 197a will look into having an intergenerational housing and maybe a hopefully associated community center, but that's still at like 17th and 18th street, and the stein center is at 23rd street still are missing.
I, don't know how funding is going right, now, Okay,!
What 22 will look, like, and I think we're going to see a totally different picture and unfortunately, homeless and runaway youth always are things that are cut by the city.
It may appear in that portion of our district that there's more service going on because they have a separate contract with the bid all right, Well I'll, just I'll work on the language- Let's work on the language Just , so people know we have to We're going to have to approve our our ordering and the language of the budget requests in a separate at a separate time.
There were things that were on the park budget for many years right If I could speak for a second there about that, the pep officers, I can live with removing them, even though I'm not sure that it's a great idea, but right now, when the parks are under severe stress and are likely to be for a continuing long amount of time and already suffering the consequences of that with piled up garbage, I mean all you got to do is walk past the new york post on any given day to see what it looks.
So maybe that could be taken back to the parks committee and have it have it run through them and see whether they think that's a good or bad idea, whether they all want to remove it, especially if this is something that pam was doing with the office.
You'd think this is exactly when you'd want to be advocating that they should be having more people doing the work.
If, sufficient public pressure is brought to bear something to think about well, and the other thing that we don't always pay attention to is that the city, council, members and the borough president use our district needs statement as support for how they distribute money.
So I definitely believe we should leave the items on the list and have reshma and or the office circle back to her and strongly communicate to her that any item that she thinks that would make the district better, including items that are on the list, already, should be left on, and we should also discuss specifically the fact that what we're doing is we are advising the city about how to rebound when budget cuts are restored, rather than trying to act like we can just deal with the budget cuts.
This budget is aiming for a period in time of the city where we will likely have revenue to fund these things.
Cb6 has advocated for additional base budget funding for community boards in our last, several district needs statements, and it focuses the explanation that we give focuses on based baseline budgeting, but I still think we should put it down a little bit.
You know graduation high school, whatever, okay, well, but that's getting in So. The health and education committee has been working with the acs group.- Conduct traffic or parking studies.
This was part of the reason that this particular item was asked, for there are always problems with traffic around there,, I'm, not sure what the committee would want to do with it, because we did just find this out literally a couple weeks.
We hope that would work, but not only is it kind of not working, it's also like you know it just keeps getting pushed off, even though there's actual changes happening around there, but the transportation committee's position is that we would want.
Recent years they started to talk about how or the mayor had said, something about increasing the number of units going to be applied to this, but we asked for it in the budget, because we understand that they're trying to skimp on resources and drag things out as long as possible for budgetary reasons.
East river park is not technically in our district, but everybody here uses it And, that's minimum five years and running out Oh the landmarks one committee says:: take it out, that's fine with me: we've.
Sorry, we had to go through this item by item the same way we have in the past, but I think we went faster because of the work that brian led us through before, and some of the responses from some of the committee member chairs have been very helpful.
You, know whatever next 20 21 22, whenever it's published, that she perhaps have training for committee chairs, so that they can use the data provided by dcp department of city planning and thereby create more specific budgetary items.
I'd, have to work with the whoever the new chair of the of the board is on what we do with that, but I just think.
To kind of do some research ask some of the tech, smart people on the board to weigh in see what the city's policies are already on this kind of thing, and then I mean possibly where we're going with.
So I, think it's a good research project And then just people to come back and tell us even what it is.
I want somebody in city hall to look at this and say you know what the people are telling us that this is a big deal.