Most important thing is to note who's at the meeting in terms of who's, presenting on a certain application.
Such and such I mean we've never done that, but I personally feel that we miss a lot of what I think is important.
I, don't know how anyone else feels about that, and we may want to think about it, but it was always kind of shot down when I suggested it.
I think it would be a more thorough reflection of how we reach our determinations, especially given that we don't give minority reports at the full board.
You, know, I think it's important for the full board, because that's the one that people if people want to know how did community board 5 deal with this.
But I, think it would apply to committee meetings as well.
That mean if we have a resolution, that 10 people on the board support and make comments about in support of it.
Can, you think of one where we, because you and I've talked about this, where we thought that it was important that something was brought to the board's attention, but it didn't necessarily go into the reso and it wasn't in particular.
It was something that is important, I guess, the more we talk about it, the more difficult, okay, Clayton, one second, the more difficult it would be, because the person who's transcribing would have to figure out whether or not it's important enough to put it in, Any time that a committee chair might explain or remind the board why it is that we are doing a deny unless or an approval with conditions that whole thing like a conversation around strategy.
Somebody is trying to figure out why we worded it that way, What, if I, could do this as chair and work with Craig on it that during the meeting I just and maybe a couple, others that we could assign to do this, make notes of things that we think might be important to put into the minutes collectively, rather than have it up to one person rather than having to decide.
I mean what I'm thinking about is the a couple of months ago when we had the resolution on that's upon the police and that went on for a long, time.
That was not on the agenda and that's very unusual, and so after talking to a few of you about this, the conclusion that we came to was that we would allow it, but it would be considered new business at the end of the meeting, and maybe anyone could make an a chair could make an announcement and say if anyone from the public wishes to address an issue with us.
You want to talk about attendance during Covid-19 and virtual meetings and the things that we've discussed because of the difference of not having a body in the room and knowing who's there at what time.
Committee chairs, especially on Zoom board meetings.
Because I mean it's okay for people to be a few minutes late that happens whatever and in a normal committee.
And I, don't know if we have to resolve this right now, again, but just for committee chairs and everyone to be thinking about what makes the most sense and what is good for managing expectations for people and also just seems fair and as simple or streamlined as possible would be great too.
I mean as a you know, as the same requirements for attendance, for full board are the same for committee.
Absolutely I mean I like Clayton's idea that in the middle you know, if there's no action items in them somewhere random time in the middle, you just chart who's, there.
Only problem with a specific time is that you know the chair may not want to interrupt the conversation exactly at 6:30.
If, you miss a vote, You know then you're not present, and then maybe it's up to the chair.
I believe that in the past, when we were meeting in person, if someone missed a vote, even if it was just, you would have a board member who would step out with an applicant to deal with some ongoing issue and they would miss a vote.
Meeting, because I'm, giving them a little hubba hub on a couple of other things, I'm not going to overwhelm them with or scold them with too many things so, which takes me to the next thing that I wanted to talk.
Law. Any remarks about CB5 business or questions about agenda topics should be made on the record by raising your hand through the raised hand, feature, and then I'm just going to mention that some boards have deactivated the chat, because some of the necessary discussion that needed to be spoken publicly was taking place there instead, and this is what we ran into last month, actually, which is why I'm now addressing it.
You know really things that are supposed to be on the record, which is the discussion that goes into coming to a conclusion and a decision on an application, It can't be done in chat and other boards have found that to be problematic.
Okay, can I assess a clarifying question, so you'll notice on this zoom meeting that the chat is not enabled, but there are a few different ways to do it, so you can enable chat just for the panelists and not for the attendees, but I think that once you start with the chat.
And I personally support just shutting down the chat entirely and as with an in-person meeting, you know making sure that all statements are made in succession when recognized by the chair.
You know, part of the record, Clayton and Renee that, and also if two attendees in any of our committee meetings were having like a side conversation with each other.
That, okay with you absolutely I, agree: okay, maybe we'll drop it from committee and then think about Maurice's suggestion and just or Laila's also a suggestion about having two or three of us handling it in the way of information.
Okay last just to let all of you know we did have someone at one of the committee meetings mentioned that they were abstaining because they wanted to be neutral.
And I think it's important, even if the greater majority of the board understands and knows that an extension definitely is not a neutral.
If you want to, but don't think for a second, that it's a neutral position, so that'll go out tomorrow as well, and then we have one item before we get to our committee meetings and.
You can jump in and help just so that I explain to everyone, because what I'm looking for is affirmation or discussion on whether or not this should go to the full board as a committee on the whole of the whole on Thursday night.
I believe it was unanimous at Bex, but I think it was ultimately approved at exact, Am I right Marissa on the resolution.
They dropped a little bomb by saying, okay, This is going to go to Euler, so be expecting something from Mueller which set off a you know a big ring in my head, saying.
So I'm asking if we as a committee, want to put it on the agenda, which we have the right to do.
That, as a matter of public record that the Flatiron bid and anyone else paying attention understands that if something is going to eulerp, you can't just let us know.
I. I just want to point out just to Clayton's comment on the Flatiron bid, While they knew it was going through city planning, I.
It wouldn't be able to come back to the board to another committee at that point, So they really came to the board as an update in their process more than you know to get any finalized ruling from the board.
Marisa do we know when it was certified by city planning, because Euler is extremely codified, I mean it looks to me.
I, think you know the original Layla is that what you're asking for whatever is on record with Gcp. We will put this on the agenda and Renee.
So originally, If you recall, the Flatiron bid, came to the community board and explained that they were thinking of expanding their reach and they had a map that went over to 6th Avenue and up to about 31st street, and that map underwent some iterations.
Like 30th 31st, there's a little cutout around 33rd street and then over to Lex. There was one public comment at the meeting and then a couple of follow-up letters from some folks that wanted the bid to actually extend up to 34 over up to 32nd street I.
Think from 31st street, so I will just say very quickly, not as a member of the land use Committee, but as a resident who would be directly impacted by this expansion.
No, So I would suggest that we include it in the packet that we give it a heading explaining what it is and let the you know the questions and comments take us to whether or not we're going to just add to this and still approve it or make it a you, know, a disapproval or whatever, but I think we have to have something to work with, especially since no one saw it in March.
I mean I was just thinking more along the lines of enabling them to address questions like Laila.
If this was a typical committee meeting, Layla would ask her questions and the applicant would be able to answer them if we do it.
If a committee doesn't have a quorum and if a applicant goes to the committee meeting and makes their presentation- and the committee passes it on to the exec committee for their approval and to bring it to the full board.
So factually the application has changed, let alone the fact that the pipeline process has now been better understood, and we know that it's a DCP action actually just for the record I went on the DCP portal.
Is that when an issue like this comes up, they call a pre-meeting of that particular committee just before the full board, and so that committee has basically a second meeting and votes on the particular application that then goes directly before the full board.
I mean that the land use was the reason why community boards were created in the first place.
This is like, as Layla said, land use is one of the things that community boards were created.
They will be able to have another, a committee meeting for the application before that, but they won't have a full board vote.
Yes, but before the regularly scheduled committee meeting of January right, okay.
I would vote for the joint meeting because of the strange circumstance of Bex. Having heard this it'd be worth seeing, I agree, I really feel if you're a k, Renee I think it should be joined.
I agree not to mention that with two committees, given that it's going straight to exec, we've already have half the board, Having heard it which helps exactly so.
Okay on to land use all right, land, use, I thought we were going to need resuscitation at the end of the meeting.
The committee felt that so in order to be approved for variance the applicant needs to meet five findings.
Would you prefer, in terms of Tn's involvement, making suggested additions to this letter as voted on Thursday or bringing the applicant into the next Tne meeting I mean now that we know we can submit written comments until January 12th bringing the applicant into the next Tne meeting, get a more specific presentation on the transit improvements and then like T and e writing its own letter before January 12.
These parameters wanted to abstain, rather than vote, no out of support for the committee and out of an acknowledgement that the things that she was opposed to were not within the purview of the due diligence and deliberation that we do of the actual application before us.
The reason why, but I have to say if anyone else jumps on that and says well, I'd like to also you know, talk about that.
Right, I think the Flatiron bid issue we're going to be addressing that further, and so there's not really.
One of the things on Bex is that when we get these really complicated issues like police defunding, we rush it through, and so we really wanted to tease this out and work with Ej on this and figure out what we don't know.
I think they didn't necessarily like the answers and want to hear them a different way, but the answers will be the same.
When we talk about homelessness and people on the streets, and all of that you know it's a huge issue, and maybe we shouldn't be constrained to the apts and getting parks, approval.
I mean that was a terrible meeting and for them to you know for them to move forward.
I almost think it's almost on you, know.
I almost think it's almost on you, know.
I can, If you like, if you think I mean the board did weigh in on this I would love.
And I think that again, if we're going to write the letter, then the full board should know and hear exactly what went down, because that letter will not go back to the board for approval.
You know I think it's a great idea that they got their.
You want to go, first, I, don't know if this deserves to be first, but whatever you think Renee's shaking her head.
So, we start with psql report, which means that I think what Nick was saying was that it'll be on the agenda and people might come and speak about it.
We did have a large attendance to the land use committee meeting in the end, not that many people spoke, but.