I, know a couple of folks said they were going to be late, but I wanted to give enough people to get on here.
Let's try taking All for agreeing to continue to meet over the summer Know how important it is for us to still come together and be still be a sounding board for the community.
If we could maybe get an attendance or a general amount of folks that might be out there, we will let them know, because we do wanted them to be able to social distance.
We got to ask questions that were actually posed by our Community board and the general public.
Two things we signed on was several other community boards to support the extension of spectrum Wi- Fi, so they were giving free, That was supposed to end June 30th.
Training coming up, June, 30th I know we always talk about conflict of interest, so it is a free training by the borough president's office.
Definitely I do not know if he sent it to all the community board members, but we will definitely give that to you first thing in the morning, so you can go ahead and register for that conflict of interest.
We were able to finalize our budget on some of the things that we purchased were an HD livestream camera that we received to support our meetings in the future and external hard drive so that the staff can work our remotely and have all their information stored on there.
I know that the budget deadline is July 1st and the city is still trying to figure out arm What, where they're, going to cut different services so that they can make up the budget deficit, because the budget deficit that they project it for 2021 was originally seven point.
You did, you know, solicit that input arm, but we did not receive it from everybody, but that's okay, because you know understanding that there's not a lot go to the events, etc that we would have in the committee have in the community.
Hey we're going to go ahead to the district manager, report, Thank You Shetty good evening I'm, everyone up thanks for your report, Cicely and Josh Alma I just want to start talking about on the test and trace core problem.
The Harlem bike network expansion, I just received plans today that they're going to have protected bike lanes all along the east side of Fifth Avenue from 110 Street to a hundred and Twentieth Street Conversation has been going on before I even got on the community board, but dating back to 2017 has been ongoing.
They've also I've met with community Board 11, or one of my questions that I asked them was parking going to be taken.
They said that it would be, but on the east side of the street, which is CB 11, but the way that the way that is structured, the parking would be replaced because they're going to use one of the middle driving lanes as a parking so to be parking in the middle I do not know.
We have not got word yet from the borough president's office when any of the community boards are allowed to go.
You know there was some information, then you receive with respect to persons who are bringing fireworks into the community.
I. Think, in a meeting like this disadvantage, you have to be very careful because that's what was said also that in when we did have this search people would report it.
I. Think, that before you report it I would say to you that you should say that they should If. They know these are the guys they should report it, because this is a serious thing in the community.
There's someone knowing that people are coming in our community.
It's just like with the with the drug thing, when people took over the community took over and start painting doors that they knew I'm, saying I would refer them Well.
The deuces indicated that there's no intelligence I saw Joshua's point about the fact that it's legal in New Jersey and they believe that it's coming from New Jersey I, saw comments about Pennsylvania, but I think the message is Dr. Koontz is indicating from the community board is I know it's a difficult message, but the police is saying they can't get in the intelligence.
I know what it's all about in terms of squealing and all the rest, but at the end of the day, I think we need to be able to ask the police to say here's the intelligence, here's the information, stop these things from coming into Brock, mewn, Josh, shadow, question, I, agree with you all by also think the police need to do their job and really investigate.
I would think that you need to talk to our people of Safety Committee on this, and that should not be a wide discussion.
I just wanted to bring out one quick thing that I forgot to mention that on Thursdays, usually the third Thursday's I attend the borough, We can proudly say that we have had every meeting, maybe some committee meetings but not have happened, but our Oliver Genoa meetings.
All of our EC meeting, have happened since the covent pandemic began and we have worked very hard with our community partners to make sure that we are there and that we know what is going on in our community.
There was a committee vote that was done by email, Thank, You Chanel for coming up with a process to still get these liquor licenses done for these businesses.
We have a little bit more information on them to present easy committee meeting If it's a renewal and the committee votes to have them before us, then they come before us And But we're trying to see new liquor license come before us so where we have already reached out to our neighborhood boule for them to present to us, So, I'm, not sure if they've reached back out or how that's going to work.
We are still in conversation to see if that's a feasible thing or even a needed thing, especially since these businesses are able to put out their own sidewalk cafes without going through an efficient process without submitting a plan, or anything like that.
Let me just try to bring this up okay and also for whether they would like to present to the committee only for people like for them to come before.
The committee also I did put in the forum that Ponte Bistro was, and you know, facing chances of losing their license and that we would need to provide a waiver.
Also during July Sorry June 10th through the 13th I, attended a video conference with the Congress for New Urbanism and I met a professor there who is interested in working with our community around recovery from the pandemic.
He is preparing a letter of support for the exonerated five project so and that he said that he would able to be on a committee and did you ever get in touch with Daniel Patterson about the opportunity he wanted to talk?
Lower group butchers became the owner of the facilities, and so we've come up with an advisory, committee, aboah not all being from community bullet in, but we are proposing that we family members, as you know, from the meeting we had dealt us, have been working there for many years.
If there's any questions, I will answer them, but it's very thoughtful and is taken in what we would like to see for our community to be involved and to report back and make sure that this never happened.
If people think of some other things, when we go to meet with them, you know we can add them to the agenda.
You know during this time, but I'm, assuming that by fall, things are going to pick up as this is the new way of presenting proposals and also the advanced land- use.
I know that many lawyers and legal service organizations are preparing themselves for that pandemic, which is going to be the pandemic of people being brought before the housing.
We were able to speak to some of the new board members that could make it they are currently making their committee choices.
If you submit a committee, choices, new board members and you're all here, I did we see them, I'm, sorry, In that conversation, we were able to really talk to them, find out little bits and pieces about them.