What it boils down to we're now in the third draft of the reasonable worst case scenario because of a timing issue, all the other co-applicants are ready to sign, basically the work that was done by the consultant, george james.
I know everyone read all the memos and the documents, so I would put up michael, I would trevor, don't you think you should put up the letter instead of this yeah.
So I can you explain to the committee right there's a couple of things: if we do not sign this letter, if we decide not to pursue it, it's over.
I guess my bottom line concern is that I think that there are significant issues in this letter that the land use committee would want to talk about.
I didn't think it was straightforward and I'm very worried, since our board has been held accountable of late about transparency of taking this out of the hands of the land use committee, without a clear understanding of why there's an urgency- and it seems to me from I- did- have an opportunity to talk to jackie a little bit about it, and he explained to me that the issue is with regard to the expiration of the article 78 correct that we're not going to be a part of anyway, and I'm not- and I don't see the relationship of this letter to the report that george james sent, which talks about two alternatives about whether or not we want to compromise or whether or not.
I understand that, but if comfortable with it, they should, but I don't feel like I'm comfortable well, I understand your point lisa and we had a discussion on the phone about that all the co-applicants would, but if the community board did not sign, it would raise a red flag to city planning that they are not a part of the application.
His other scenario that is posed calls for changing the height and getting rid of the 50 of affordable housing, and that will be a very long discussion because we are straying far from what we originally started with, which basically comes from the chinatown working group plan and what the board voted on.
I really think that if paula feels comfortable signing it polish, it signs lisa, let's stop right there, because you keep saying paula, that's just the way.
I understand if you're saying that we should think about that vote, that we have that the community board supported that's a whole different story, but we voted to support this rezoning and I am saying that, but every step of the way when we had to sign a letter, the land use committee reviewed it.
We weren't going to discuss anything unless it needed a vote or it was a land use issue.
We decided that it was a lot to take, so we would regroup in june and also because of the covet was coming so we'll regroup in june to talk about what do we want to move forward and during those three months we would digest the materials, because that was a lot and we in on june 9, we were told by the co-applicants that they wanted to pursue the lawsuit, and so the concern here I have with this letter is that if you look at the days, so if tomorrow is the deadline, you can file article 78 and you are sending this letter out to dcp.
No you're conflating a couple of different things: jackie we're not gonna file tomorrow, but let's say a month from now lisa's argument that this letter somehow strays from our original support of the two bridges rezoning.
We can't sue, we can't say: city planning was wrong, but if we know we're going to sign a letter or something similar to this, then we still preserve that.
We can do because we said we're not going to pursue this and we can't we we've lost our right to sue, because tomorrow is the deadline, so we could if this goes to land use and if we at the end of the month, it goes online news and it goes to full board and there's discussion about it and it's voted down or no or lisa has raised us some concern and says it's disgrace from our original support.
When I asked and we got the support of the full community board- and I know some members were uncomfortable.
I remember everything everyone said about that and, as I know, some members were hesitant about it and some members growing up the whole each village issue, but the board voted to support this via resulting application and that's where we are today if there are two paths but we're not going down that second path, at least not right.
He's also drafted this letter and we're not going any further than that at that this point I don't know if I cleared up the deadline, michael I'd probably put a lot of stuff in there but yeah.
I know I'm still confused, so I mean it sounds like it sounds like what you're asking for tonight is basically confirmation that the board still supports the rezoning, but then potentially it can still be discussed at land use.
At least I'm raising the issue that if god finished the issue, that if we do not support this or the letter or the, then we were it's not so much as a co-advocate lisa suggested that the other three co-applicants just signed, but that wasn't what we voted upon.
Well, see I don't know if a executive committee members recall last exact or the exact before the last one I mentioned at the committee report that we had a brief conversation with the co-applicants that we're gonna do a presentation in the august land news meeting and that had been has been my plan.
I don't reasonable worst case scenario, doesn't really note that line, so I would prefer to have it presented to the to the land use committee first and I'm pretty sure the committee members would want to know because they spend a lot of time in the last two years on this project as well.
No, I understand your preference and I'm raising it as an issue because of the deadline and that's why I wanted to bring it to exact, because now we're not looking at reviewing anything about two bridges until august.
Yes, and there are things that have happened and we haven't been able to discuss the vote and that's the reason why I wanted to bring it to exact.
I hear the concerns about being transparent because there's been some issues in you know about cb3's transparency, but here we are talking about august and this thing is moving it's you know things have to be done and I understand with cb3 being a co-applicant, there's the you got to go to the committee, then you got to go to full board, but there are timing issues that we're running into, and this is one of them.
Okay, if that's the I'm not even going to go on unless people have comments, if that's the consensus, then that's fine, but I really take some concern about about the context of the letter which was written by george james and the fact that we people- I don't know people forgetting what we originally supported, but I think that needs to be explained jackie, because what I'm hearing right now is people forgetting what the board supported.
So let's hear what those questions comments are before we move forward: lisa go ahead, yeah I just I want to see if I'm clear on this.
The city planning's position is that it's they're still considering it right and that we can use our political and every other methodology we can think of to continue to work with them to get them to honor this, including what george james mentioned in his letter, which was calling on carl weisbord's position that they have to move ahead on a project even if they have substantive differences.
I really can't judge on that right now, but I just wanted to clarify so the letter needs to be sent out tomorrow because of no.
I think what's missing and listening to lisa, and your initial comments is the letter that city planning sent out saying.
But that would have to be honestly an article 78 argument, as opposed to in a memo like we're about in a letter like this, the one that's shown on the screen two different issues, so there is there is something visited city planning that basically says that this article, this rezoning proposal is not, is incomplete and cannot move forward, and this is the response to that.
Why can't this letter go to land use in august, although obviously it would be preferable to go in july, but we can't do that because the agenda's already set, I mean basically, is all it's all you're looking for tonight or is all the co-applicants looking for tonight is just is assurance that cb3 is still behind this project.
I'm just raising the issue because we're not going to meet until august and even if the land use does decide, it's still got to go to full board.
That's why I'm bringing this up and the timing issue, so I mean I haven't heard anyone say that they're not supportive of the project anymore, so I think it's safe to assume that the board still is supportive.
I would, I would say again, I'm completely unprepared, because I wasn't prepared to chair tonight, but I would suggest that maybe if the letter is going to be redrafted anyway or edited well miner, can we maybe insert a paragraph into here that says something about the fact that you know that, due to the you know, due to pandemic and timelines and whatnot, and that the land use committee of the community board wasn't able to fully discuss these things.
My point about this letter and raising it is just to bring it up because I don't know any other way for us to do this, and waiting to august is really gonna.
I should have clarified that with the team, but I don't remember what it was, but I imagine a certain there's certain responses needed because I remember saying it needed to be done in a couple weeks and I don't know any other way to move this, because this is seven eight months in and we haven't been able to do anything about it so right now, that's why I suggested bring it to exec okay, so for right now the board is not the only thing holding this up, because there are still other minor edits being made yeah, but that those are minor that would not those edits could be done tonight.
The reason why I said exact because there's nothing else that would allow us to discuss this and bring it up before the end of august yeah, but okay.
You know a paragraph that talks more about the community boards is, you know the fact that the community board hasn't really had a full amount of time to send this to committee, given the way that we work and given the pandemic, but that we are still in support of the project moving forward and that potentially those edits can be made relatively soon and that maybe we can revisit this letter at our second exec meeting in two weeks, but then, unless the community board signs it, what difference would that make because then it becomes a letter with three other, the three other co-applicants.
That's what we're asking if we put that in there saying that we are that we're still in support of it and that we're signing the letter, even though we weren't able to discuss that committee.
That was the question I was posing to lisa and to matt, but I don't I'm can I can I interject a little bit so I feel, like the whole letter, should be reviewed by the land use committee.
I don't feel comfortable signing this letter without it going to land you, as may said, it's complicated, it's something that language has the expertise to review and I feel like that's where it should go.
If we want a general letter that says community board 3 continues to support the project.
No, I understand I'm looking at what I'm trying to understand what you're saying about, if community board, if there was a simple letter, not something like this just attached to the to the memo itself, that would be fine, I'm saying not with bullet points.
Just saying community board three continues to support the application, for you know for the rwc, dcs or whatever you want to refer to it and that we have taken no position to otherwise change because of this, our support for this project as one of the co-applicants.
No I'm saying we don't sign this, but if you're saying all we need is an indication of our support, we send that procedure-wise and I hear what you're saying, but you know this letter is attached to the actual draft of the rwcds which michael had on the screen.
First letter is attached, so if we so if we just set the rwcds without a cover letter essentially or saying we support this, then you're saying you wouldn't have an issue because you're talking about things in a letter- and you don't want to go point by point- I understand it and we're 709 in on this one little topic.
We are submitting the third draft all right, so I just want to put a stop to the back and forth between you and lisa, because it's turning into a private meeting, let's and alicia's joined us now, and I think she has more information on this than I ever did so.
Okay, so the thing is the letter would be us supporting the memo.
Yes, it would be, but it's a cover letter and then highlights certain things it says here is the memo here are the changes that we made okay, and so the controversy around.
Should we looking I looked at the letter, I do agree that some things that are in the letter should be discussed a little further and taken to like up at the committee meeting.
It isn't so much of a deadline, it's more dates that are passing and the fact that we, if we don't, we won't get this out to august, but I'm okay and I understand that where I'm at right now, because I think we can sort of close this pretty quickly is if it's not the memo itself and it's the letter itself, then what type of cover letter should go with the memo that the community board will feel comfortable because, typically, when you send in a memo you sort of highlight the changes, including the technical changes that you have made.
If it's a two, if it has too much opinion, then that's another thing, but if we're going to send in the rwcd rwcds, but I think what it is trevor is that a lot of the conversation that has been generated was stuff that wasn't discussed at committee.
We spend money hired a consultant to create a two members and I've preferred these two memos being presented to the committee to let them understand, what's really going on and also take a look at this letter to see.
Okay, so you know there's a thin line when you represent yourself and you represent the community board right, I've done it both many times.
This seems to be the only waiver that has come forward so far, so waivers are needed only for private property and only when there is a stipulation by the community board prohibiting the action requested so so, and alex might want to speak more into this, but so our stipulation says the rooftop at moxie, hotel from 10th to 11th street can only be used with a glass enclosure which of course they cannot do right now because that's against covet regulations.
Unless there's questions sure I guess I just need some clarification, so I looked at the information that they provided and what they said they were going to install was a rollover cover on a metal frame.
Thank you susan for clarification a week, and I know that you know if we needed to make what it exactly is going to look like to be honest with you go ahead, susan.
I think it's their microphone linda, all right, so I've, muted everyone I'm going to unmute lisa, because you have a question.
I need to know who the applicant is so I can understand I'm going to tell you the three people judy tepperberg mark and megan bobbers, okay and megan, so they all have the ability to unmute themselves now if one of them wants to unmute themselves and answer the question about the structure hi, this is megan with lightstone who's, the we own, the property.
I saw that there were a couple of letters in support, but one was very vague and the other one seemed to come from the head of a building like look at that also so just that it was addressed with the residents, which is what we've always asked of them anyway.
So what we're saying now, if I could just make sure I understand me, is you have reached out to every person that has shown interest and come to your meeting correct, okay, yeah.
I normally get off work at three o'clock in the afternoon, so you guys are always open to call me after 3 p.m, and I know I have to get better at really connecting with people I'm just checking in with you and making sure if you need any support you let me know whatever that looks like you.
I know that we have not stepped up and took responsibility for a lot of things and the office has been kind of filling in the blanks for us and like looking at the timeline, I mean that's something that we need to do like.
I really don't want to say too much about it and- and I and again I thank everyone for the hard work that they're doing I know covet still is not going anywhere we're still stuck inside for the most part.
So you just need to pause the recording and not stop it if you pause the recording it winds up between one file, so otherwise I think the only committees that I'm still dealing with are parks because I'm on it and this month, arts and culture is meeting for the first time so I'll be managing that meeting for them and it's good because next week I start a new job and I have an hour and a half.
I guess I should just say that I think the trainings that I was asked to sort of coordinate went pretty well, and I really want to thank all of the committee chairs who participated the work they put into.
Let me check, but I did want to say that now that all the presentations are online also, I send a message out to all of the board with links to the presentations and links to the two videos from the trainings, because that would you know be good for people to watch in their spare time as they're sitting at home.
As so, I'm sorry, I just want to correct something so last month I was not at the meeting, but I watched a little bit of it, and I saw a report that I had submitted to the sla a blanket waiver letter with businesses supplied by the bid and nobody on the on the exact set.
I wish when people hear something like that, they would ask me about it, because I would never do something like that without going by the board first, and it was a total opposite of what I had originally suggested to the board when we thought we were dealing with the console exactly you know the council dining issues.
I think it needs to be changed globally, but this is the kind of thing that's going on.
Yes, don't expect immediate action, you're gathering data for the whole community and you're gonna you're, looking to do more, like systemic action right exactly, okay, good!
So I think I might want to ask larissa to be the vice chair and thomas to be the secretary if things work out well and if they're interested I haven't, talked to them yet so we are meeting in august because we still have a ways to go with our district needs.
However, there is a lot of caucasian people that sit in positions on our board and we've not talked about that, and I and I, and I know that it's like kind of peeling off the band-aid a little bit for some people, but I think we should have a conversation around it and, if you're interested in giving me dialogue on it and how we can improve on it or whatever.