All right, the youtube stream is getting set up, just one second, oh it says it's now: streaming live on youtube, yep, you're good. Now, oh okay, hi everybody! You are at Manhattan community board, six, the executive meeting committee meeting for September 16 2020., I'm molly hollister, chair of the board and joining me, oh in the meeting starting at 6 32 joining us tonight. Our district manager, jesus perez, sorry assistant, district manager, cody osterman, and do we have members of the public joining us tonight? We have one member of the public who also happens just to be a board member as well. It's paige, okay, hi paige, all right, so I think everyone knows how to use zoom raise your hand. If you have questions we, you know, try to keep yourself on mute if you don't and we have sema shaw secretary taking minutes and sema. If you want to take attendance now yes sounds good if you're here, just let me know by stating that you're present that'd be great kyle. I don't hear kyle asia here, thanks beatrice here, great molly, john keller, here kavita matthew here, claire brennan, here adam harkey. Here: corrine vanderdonk, here, brian van neuvenhoven, president oops pamela vassell she was on, but she just stepped away for a moment. Oh she's there her living room. Is there okay, I'll mark her, as here claude president and rick here great thanks. Everyone thanks fema all right! Excuse me this is richmond's, I'm also here. You should mark me down, I'm going to start coming. That turns requests great, okay, all right so and then cody. If you can pop up the agenda, I don't have my second screen open. So maybe you already have it up here all right, so we need to. Did I already adopt the agent? No, I didn't I'm doing both okay, so the agenda is up. So if everyone can see that, if anyone has any objections, raise your hand, no okay, so no see no objections. We will adopt the agenda as is, and the meeting minutes from the from the July no august meeting minutes were sent out previously august 19th meeting minutes. If anyone had any changes to those, let me know raise your hand, no see no objections. Those media minutes are adopted, and so let's see what we have next, I guess we'll just go right into meeting the committee business and the first item is the chairs report. I have two things. I spoke with a few of you about this already and I know there have been some questions about adding a public safety committee back into the board and we, I don't know how, many years ago it was, but we used to have a transportation public safety committee, so that makes the most sense to bring that back and so we'll be doing that moving forward, and I guess that will be probably starting with October meeting and we have a few items already that we're discussing. But I guess the question would also be for karen and her committee for housing, homelessness and human rights. We talked about having 13th and 17th come to those meetings, but you know I'd hate I it would be great if they could come to both, but we'll definitely want to invite them to the transportation public safety committee meeting. So I don't know what everyone's thoughts are to have them come to both. But I don't think it can hurt to invite them to both if we, if we do that, someone from housing will have to go to that meeting since it's our opportunity to get directly in front of them right, yeah and maybe again like we can invite. We should invite them to both, and you know they don't have to have the same folks come to each. Maybe the ncos could come to one and whatever so we did talk about. I know there have been a lot of issues around public safety lately, so I was talking to again thinking how we can translate or compile all the information from 3-1-1 crime stats from the 13th and 17th, maybe even reports from like DHS or the outreach teams breaking ground and the folks like that are in our community other traffic violation kind of you know. We have a lot of different places where kind of the conditions of public safety are coming from in our community and in the office. You know people calling into the office as well, but somehow it would be nice to have that public safety committee report on that once a month you know or quarterly or something but compile that information. I know it sounds daunting, but I feel like there's just four or five sources that they're all they're not pulled together, so that was just my thought there and then I know I mentioned before about spending street fair funds there. We have well over a hundred thousand dollars of street fair funds and the office is looking into. I don't know if cody have anything additional to report, that paying for additional sanitation baskets or pic basket service, possibly paying for a DOE fund or an ace person and that's kind of clean, a clean up. You know maintenance kind of issue as well or maybe paying for one or two additional outreach people for six months or a year. You know for outreach for homelessness so anyway, those are some ideas and I'd like to. I don't know if anyone has thoughts on that, but I like to pursue that and again like that fund is just the money. Is just sitting there, I know I don't it's not burning a hole in our pocket, but there are some serious needs in our community now and you know there are some ways we can spend that money. So do we do it? Can I suggest now, or should I just shut up? No, please yeah, please! So sorry, yes raise my hand, we could use it for the nets for the basketball hoops we've already offered to do that. We've offered it I'm just making it clear and also a ladder which we, which we will need to put the baskets up. You would like the viewer, oh cody, maybe cody has some clarification. Do you want you want me to speak to the I've. Had two calls so far, I've reached out first to sanitation to get the data on how much those services cost for their additional basket service that they generally offer council members to use with their discretionary funding. That is really expensive. Loeb's suggestion I reached out to ace and wildcat so far I have a conversation coming up with the DOE fund, but yesterday I spoke to ace, and today I spoke to wildcat both of council member rivera has is using both services this this fiscal year council member powers, is using trust ace this year and ace was able to give me rough out some numbers for me that a to hire one person to work an eight hour shift in a given eight hour shift. They can do on average between 15 and 25 blocks for auxiliary sanitation services, including emptying the bins if they're overflowing and then tying you know they put it into a bag that they carry with them. They leave it at the curb for the next sanitation, pickup sweeping blocks and during snow season. They would do some snow removal on curb cuts and things so for one person, eight hours a day for the year is roughly, and you know without them, actually pricing it out and a contract going through. These are just estimates, is roughly fifty thousand dollars for the year. That's the thing that's eight I was that was ace. The thing that I liked about ace so far in comparison just anecdotally, is that ace targets they hire formerly homeless individuals and they are not looking to hire people to on a temporary basis, which is something that wildcat does they're looking to offer more a permanent position. So everyone they hire is guaranteed at least 35 hours a week. They offer subsidized health care and they offer a 401k match. In addition to paying you know the state minimum wage of 15 an hour so so far that was really you know just spoke to me personally. Wildcat employees formerly incarcerated folks, so a different clientele. That's how DOE fund is as well right. That's, I think, that's yeah! I have a conversation coming up with them, so once I can hear from everyone I'll kind of compile them into a spreadsheet, and I can send that around great all right. I've had some experience with DOE fund and they were wonderful, they're, good, yeah, well, yep, okay, let's take an order, adam and then kavitha. Oh sorry, thanks cody that was extremely informative. So just to clarify, so this would pay for a basically a person to go around and do duties so like this wouldn't pay for like the actual carting of trash right. So they would bag and do sort of stuff that they wouldn't be able to like. Take it away right. Yeah ace, doesn't cart the trash away. They carry with them additional bags and equipment to clean, and if they see something overflowing, they will dump the sanitation bin into their own bin and then, if their bin fills up, they just leave it next to adjacent to a sanitation bin, but at least it's closed and you know for the next available sanitation, pickup, but they're not doing any carving of their own okay. Yeah, because I mean that's still, that's still, ultimately, the big problem right. It's like it's better that the trash cans aren't overflowing and stuff, but it's still it's still a bag of trash. That's gonna sit on the curb for you know. If, on the weekends, you know potentially like three days now, I think you know they just increase the service back. Just in the last day or two I saw them on saturday or sunday, the sanitation picking up trash and then in the news today it said de Blasio brought back increased the service. Had she had. You know too many complaints. He was getting heat, so he, finally, so maybe that yeah I mean that's good to know thanks yeah kavitha and then b and yeah, just a quick question and I'm not sure if I'm clear on how the funds can be used. But I think I mean there's, and this is more of a current question, but there's just a is there anything we can do with further homeless outreach, because I mean I'm just walking up and down my neighborhood and I was at stuyvesant square park today and I just I've seen so many people just really struggling. They may have a place to sleep at night, I'm not sure but they're just out during the day, and it looks I don't know I just I feel like I wish. I could do something to allay that and knowing all this money sitting there- and you know I just my suggestion the other day and I copied corinne and rich and a few people was you know what and I know it's if it's a non-profit like breaking ground a brc, we can pay for an outreach person right. We can. We can. We can donate money to that non-profit and then specify that money needs to go to our district and again this is anecdotal, but someone. A few people have said that breaking ground breaking ground covers our area, but also like corinne. Do you know that the geography it's like 50th to 14th or 50th, it's river to river yeah, 23rd, roughly river, the river okay, and so someone a few people have said they really focus on the west side, so we're kind of not. You know, there's a lot going on right now, right so they're burdened and and they're only they're. Not and again, I'm not sure if that's true, but I don't see them around, and so maybe if we can support them and we do have these funds but or maybe it's a dough, fun person, cleaning the streets and that helps too well, I mean breaking ground is coming to the panel on monday and I guess rich. Do you remember how much the cost was for the breaking ground extra team that we had priced out? I don't remember you, don't remember I don't remember either I have it somewhere too. I mean, I know if you know if it comes to homeless. You know it's stabilization beds is a big ask, so you know obviously not a a spot at the 30th street shelter. None of the almost nobody wants to go there. 17Th street doesn't have room, they sent someone to the Bronx and he didn't want to go well. I mean you know. Just you know. Safe havens are screams. You know that so they scream. So you can't just walk in. I had hoped that this gentleman would have just gone and you know they would have taken them. There are other places in the city, but they were it didn't sound like they were very helpful, but yeah I mean you know I mean my. I mean I guess yeah, you know a stabilization bed, I don't know how much they cost. I can ask at the panel on monday, or I can just send nick urban an email and ask- or you know like I believe, a lot of the stabilization beds are in churches in the y and places like that. So we don't you know, but you know so I will research that a little bit. You know I mean sanitation, I mean you know, I love a clean street, so you know, but thank you let let's move and we have a lot of people with their hands raised so b, aussie and rick, and then we'll move the agenda. So I wanted to comment about three things. First of all, I think homeless is structural issues and bigger issues than just putting an outreach worker there. Unfortunately, I've worked with them as you have professionally in a lot of ways. If you can't give them a structure or a place to go, it really defeats the whole thing. I think if you walk in our neighborhood, the sanitation is unbelievably bad, and so I would look and recommend that we do that. I work with all three organizations. They each have a separate purpose, but my fundamental question to cody is: how much do they pay the person that they actually hire? What is their cover course and overhead, and I think it's important to know what these people get. Some of it is subsidized as a learning experience and stuff, so I kind of always need to know a little more of the information about what the individual will ultimately get versus the organization and other carrying charges. I don't think, and I'd have to have records. He probably knows better than I don't think paying for anything from the city is really even permissible to do with this kind of money. So I just think we just need a little more detail, but I would support one of those organizations because I think it's an important function they serve. Plus our streets are filthy. They pay, as does wildcat, actually the state minimum wage, which is fifteen dollars an hour for workers within the five boroughs, so they that is what they get that 15 an hour plus subsidized health care and some sort of employee match if they choose to put into an ira. That was what what our, what ace is offering and they guarantee that all of their the people that they hire get full-time hours at least 35 hours a week. So we have to subsidize care, that's expensive, so that actually brings the 15 yeah okay. This was not our cost like when we paid them fifty thousand dollars, I'm just saying: that's all inclusive of what they offer the fifteen dollars an hour minimum wage and all the other ancillary benefits yeah. We can also break up. I'm molly, I'm going to say of the fifty dollars what goes to the non-profit and opposed to them getting some overhead. But what is the ultimate amount to the individual and the minimum wage with the cost of health insurance and even the matching? It brings it up more. You know to maybe half the fifty dollars and the rest going to subsidize. I just think once you do it, you really need to know the cost structure right. All right, thank you, aussie and then rick and then we'll move the agenda echo b's concerned about. Are we allowed to put money into some of those other projects? I do think this sounds like a great project, but one thing I would just be hesitant about. Is you know this is street fair money and I don't see us being able to replenish the street fair money next year, because they most likely won't happen again so and we're going through a period of extreme difficulty for the next few years on the city, so they're going to be taught things that are going to come up that we will need. So I think we just need to make sure we budget ourselves if we plan to use these funds for community benefit and think through what it could be used over the next two to three years. All right, rick you're on mute ozzy, basically had the same comment that I had. I the if it's 50 000, that's half of our accumulation of props approximately and if they're asking for something that is a a stabilized benefit that goes to the to an individual for the long term, they're gonna we're gonna have to find out what they ex, how long a term they expect, because we really would run out of that money faster than we would hope. And then, as asean mentioned, there are other things that we could also spend our money on. I love the idea of providing a benefit to someone experiencing homelessness. To do sanitation. I mean that's like two winners with one with one dollar so, but it I think, there's some things. We still need to look at yeah. Okay, thank you all right. Let's move the agenda. Pam! Do you have a quick comment? It's very quick and it's for corinne for her meeting today I had a bid meeting and it came up that it takes 236 meetings with a homeless person, so they can convince them to come in. That's what he says that a lot all right so and then I don't know how many people I wasn't able to make the acs call today, but the acs call was this morning. I know aussie was on it corrine, maybe claude didn't make it cloud was on it speak to it. I know you have a you sent the presentation to all of us. I haven't looked at it, but I shared the presentation because just to make this update a little shorter for everybody just quickly, they did a really nice job and we've been asking them for data with regards to their total numbers of older, older youth that are there. So I just wanted you to take a note of some of the slides that address that, so they have about 875 kids out of their 2500 a year that are over 14 and of that the 18 plus are only 50 kids. So I think you know it gives us a better sense of the kids that we are hearing that are that do have incidents in the streets, the five to ten a year that we hear about of that. It's only 10 out of 875, so I would say that we should breath easy, that's doing a pretty good job with a majority of their kids. The second thing, I would say, the programs that they have are really great and rich, and the board has helped connect them to people. Claude, had a great program and they're they're doing a lot of work around enriching their library, so they would love support on that. The kids are going back to school, based on what the families had suggested and the center is very comfortable. They have, you know me: they have extra chromebooks they're able to take the kids who are doing hybrid learning, and then the one last bit I just wanted to mention is that as of June, they had a handful of Covid-19 positive cases, but after that they have not had another Covid-19 case, which is great to hear, and they are doing significant amount of just checks because they're seeing a lot more allergies and suspicious symptoms, but they're still not getting any covered cases. Despite that so happy to talk further offline. If anybody has any other questions, did they mention schooling? Okay, can I just say one thing: if they have to quarantine, they can do it on the sixth floor of the building. Do they mention schooling? I don't know how what they're doing is that the mod the base? They are working with the kids schools, because the families and the schools have already made decisions for the kids who are fully remote, the ones who are hybrid and they and they're able to accommodate whichever way they want to do, and actually, interestingly enough, this summer, the kids that were with them, they knew that they were concerned about the school slide, so they used DOE curriculum to keep kids up, so they did some curriculum work over the summer. I will be doing a longer report at the next health and education committee meeting. So if somebody wants to come in china and hear more happy to do so, thank you all right, okay, and so that's my report. Jesus district manager's report, hello, everyone good evening, all right, so I'll try and be quick. So we can move along. You may have seen in the wednesday email it's actually not in the wednesday email today, but rather in the new york times quite different, that the mayor tomorrow is going to announce that this city has opened a pandemic response lab at the alexandria center for life science. In order to help new york, health and hospital locations to more quickly process the Covid-19 tests that they administer. You may have heard that there have been some very long, lengthy turnaround times for those tests, and so, as you all know, the alexandria center is in our district. One good thing about this is that this new lab is bringing 150 jobs to this district, so we've tweeted about it, we've tweeted about it. So please retweet us and it would have gone in the wednesday email today, but they told us not to say anything until tomorrow and then the new york times broke it. So we got scooped by the times. Additionally, so you may have seen it this actually did get into the wednesday email. There is a new permanent shelter coming to our district. Now this is not one of those temporary density reduction. Shelters that you've been hearing a lot in the news about this is in fact just a proper meant to be there and stay there shelter they. Let us know that they anticipate opening this shelter on east 40th street, near Lexington and at the site of the old hotel renwick. This will be a shelter for 174 family units. This will be for couples or, for example, folks that have adult children. So there will be no one under the age of 18. At this shelter, the day-to-day running of the shelter will be handled by a group called core services and the target date for opening this is december 2020.. This will be the fifth shelter that we have in this district. They have told us that they, the service provider, will be reaching out to us into time to talk about things like logistics and setting up a community advisory board. As you know, all the permanent shelters have committee advisory boards, so molly one thing you'll want to do is or if this happens for the next chair, whether that may be is start thinking about folks who will sit on that community advisory board. For this new shelter and again for those who didn't see it in the wednesday email, unfortunately, we heard that former public member bill huxley passed away. He was a member, a public member of the parks, landmarks and cultural affairs committee for 15 years. He went off that committee on April 2018, and so, if you know him or knew him in the wednesday email you'll find the contact information for his family, you can send them a note, and that concludes my report all right. Thank you all right. So, let's move into committee reports and agendas. 197A yep, let's see do I have the agenda up there. I don't even have it in front of me. We are going to it's coming up here. We go okay, yeah we're gonna do start with our update on the prom and place website. We had a little bit of a delay. I think we're getting some additional help. Possibly I won't say it's you know. Ryan is looking at it to see if he can help us and get us up to speed before our next meeting. So at that point we once we're done with that. We feel like we're, ready to start doing the outreach plan and see if we can do just whether it's by email or invitations to future meetings, we're gonna try to schedule some outreach. You know like just ongoing outreach to kind of get feedback from the community on the issues that are most important to them. We actually have a survey built a mailchimp survey built into the website, so people can kind of put in their desires for that site and the community in general. So you know we hope to go over that and then what I'd like to do is just kind of go back to the 197a plan, since we've been so focused on msbi for the last several months, we're gonna go back and kind of vet out whatever open items require our attention next and prioritize, and we had been talking about remappings of some streets and we may look at that again in terms especially of like you know: potential waterfront access, those are kind of long longer game items. I think and really a lot of time and effort, and hopefully you know we can get somewhere with those. But I'm also kind of reviewing the whole plan to see what else may be an item that we should focus on and we'll review with the committee. I think kavitha did you ever get any information for the next msbi meeting? I don't know the course meeting yeah no, but I mean we had msbi. We had brad corn at our last meeting, the 197a, and he I mean basically- and I had spoken to him before that- and it feels like they're in much of a holding pattern. He said that he thinks that the next meeting I believe he said it would be likely in October yeah. You know we're definitely on there and we'll be part of it, but given that their real estate and their financial teams are still kind of figuring out what to do and they're trying to get past. What they're thinking is this potential second wave of the of Covid-19 and they're very fixed on that right now, all their attentions on that, so once they get beyond that into the fall, and he thought around October is when they're going to regroup on this. It gives us a little bit of a reprieve for getting our stuff kind of up and running. We were very clear that you know we're posting the information that we think is true, based on what our knowledge to this point and if he sees anything or if they see anything that they need us to update. You know this is a way we have it kind of in public view. Now I think it'll be a good way to get the information that they don't want us posting stuff that you know has been changed, but that's yeah, that's really! All I have and hopefully we'll hear from the task force soon as well, all right claire for transportation. Yes, hello, everyone, we had a really long meeting last month, so I thought we would keep it short and sweet this month, starting out with either having someone from the regional plant association come to talk about their five borough bikeway plan. Hopefully we can get someone to come, but if not just kind of like preliminarily talk about it as a committee, and then we had this, I think on the agenda last week, but didn't really talk through it or it was new business, but talking about a red light camera at sudden place and 54th street, and so both of those things could be like possible resolutions. If it comes to that and then colleen should be there. So she'll give us a report, and I know sandy in the past has given colleen a list in advance, like parks does as well. We should do that because I feel like there are a lot of things like the you know, protected bike lane or the temporary bike lane on second avenue: that's non-existent! That's running people, no one's died yet, but it's very bad- and you know just all the just updates on I'm trying to think what else is in her purview. I mean just the speeding and the red light running like we just need more cameras I was like. Can we buy some of those with our street fair funds? But you know like we need to oh and there's a a bill. I think maybe brad hoyland had it presented. It today called furious. Yes, yeah. Does anyone remember what it stands for like fast and furious? It's very cute, but anyway it's it's asking for school, the red light cameras or speed, speeding, cameras in school districts to be on the weekends and at night, because they're just on during school hours, so I mean I don't know why they wouldn't just be on at all times. It seems ridiculous if they're up oh go ahead. Yes, andy just that and can help to get someone from the regional plan. Association anna and I both tried to contact them so we'll try and make sure they can come. I think without them it's a little going to be a little bit difficult to discuss so but we're but and it's working on it. Okay rich request the floor. Yeah I just well. I just wanted to ask. I understand that D.O.T has maxed out the number of school cameras they're permitted by the state legislature. Do we know if there is legislation pending to increase that and or do we have a position? We don't go into any constantly ask for more cameras. Yep yeah, okay, but I wonder if that bill that hoyleman's trying to pass is it includes any of that? Like an increase, you know red light and speed cameras. I don't I don't know. I just saw an article okay. Oh thank you. Thank you! Yeah! It's out of control, I mean, I don't know if anyone else has noticed, but out of control, all right anything else claire. No, I think that yeah, that's fine. Okay, thank you parks, you're, on mute on our website. There is the the presentation that was made by parks about the new playground at st martin's and that sort of ad hoc group is going to indicate when they're going to meet separate from us. They will hone their questions, their suggestions and their people down to 10 people who will then be the spokespeople because our meeting our parks meeting will be exclusively to address the issues of the redesign of the playground, because there's been a lot of hoopla about it. So and steve will be there with his design crew and we can hash it out and hopefully be able to write a reso at the end of that and we'll see how it goes. I have no, I no way to predict ahead of time. The department of parks is going to do their. You know song, dog and pony show if you have any questions about some of the parks in your area, and you have questions about it. Please send me your questions, and so we can ask him and and that's it and I have two questions, and I don't know if that comes at the end for old business or new business. Does it relate to parks? Does it relate to your committee? No, let's do it at old, new old, new business, okay, great cool pam. I got a call from ronnie today asking me some questions about the writing of that st barton resolution, so you may want to get back to them and let's see what their questions are, I'll I'll contact ronnie. Thank you. Okay, thanks pam budget rick acres, rick yep, I got it takes me a while sorry. I was looking in claire may think that her meeting was long I'll match her went. We were almost three hours on monday, but we did get through the entire capital and expense budget requests, we'll be editing them I'll. Get back to the committee chairs with anything, that's in any way different than the way they submitted it just so we have your approval and the committee will be doing the final vote at a short like 30-minute meeting before full board in October, so we've got a month now to get to wrap this whole thing up. If you think that there's something that hasn't been communicated to the budget and governmental affairs committee about the budget, it's technically too late, but we'll I'll we'll see what we can do. If there's something important, we will try to get it in there's some things that can be massaged. We've got some placeholders. I think there might be something we you know, there's always something we can. We can massage to make it work and that's pretty much. That's it didn't you say you weren't going to go line by line, and then you went line by line. I said I was not going to go line by line, and then I did that's exactly right, but that's par for the course it felt like rick could not help himself. It's in my blood. What can I do? What can I rick? I was looking at the exchange you had with brendan regarding the meeting that would have been held normally on columbus day if it makes it easier for the committee I mean, since columbus day is not a real holiday anyway, if you want, I can staff that meeting by myself and that way you guys can meet on the night of columbus day like you normally would, and that may give you a little bit more breathing space than having to do it all right before full board, because that can be stressful for you guys, stressful for the office. You may want to consider that I will certainly do that. How far in advance do you need to have the information about for when that's scheduled the sooner the better? But let's say you know no less than a week a week from now a week from the date of columbus day the week? Okay, oh that's evening, that's easy I'll have a very good idea by then of whether we need more time than 30 minutes, but you know if I, if I've got a time frame of 30 minutes, it's probably better for everybody I'll actually do it in 30 minutes other than that, it's like anywhere from 25 to 100 percent more time, but I'm just putting it on the table. Yeah. Thank you. That's I appreciate it. I would like to I don't want to. I don't want to take the time of the committee members either it's a holiday for those people who are working, god still have those kind of things. Okay, thanks, rick, all right, so full board, my last full board. So that will be very sad and happy and mixed feelings, but your last little born as chair, but not your last football well! No! Yes, I should have should have clarified yes last four words, all right, corrine for housing, homeless, human rights, October will be easy breezy and it will be just a lovely, lovely presentation on by aaron carr about the housing rights and the initiative regarding 421a fraud and then, of course, on monday, and this was a heavy lift next week monday. Don't please try to attend our panel. I'm very, I think the panelists are great. We have breaking grounds. We have the supporting the supportive housing network. We have the policy, the head policy and analysts. We have a an actual impacted unsheltered in in individual from vocal called felix, his name's felix, and then we have sheila from the drug policy alliance who has been at cb6 before so I'm excited about that. I'm a little nervous about moderating. It so feel free to text me any hints. While I'm doing while I'm doing that and then do we have the NYPD coming. I actually wrote I you know I was very. I know I was very conflicted about that because I was afraid about disinformation, and so I send- and it was only today- and this was, after speaking with matt roberts- I had a very long conversation with matt roberts to make sure that I have all the facts and he was gonna come back to me, but, speaking to him, I thought that a great additional panelist would be the midtown community court kind of talking about they're, terrific yeah they're great, and it would be like law and order and kind of talking about. You know petty larceny and any kind of solutions to that other than just throwing people on Rikers and then three days later they come out. They haven't gotten back to me, but maybe I'll have the office kind of hound them tomorrow, because I would like to have that particular aspect. So, instead of to make a long story short instead of the actual precincts, I thought midtown community court would be a good alternative. I hadn't heard of them. Okay, thanks yeah, the other cr. I was going to ask you sent this list out to the I think, ps, 116 and maybe ps281 pta folks for their concerns about the temporary shelters and it was a really comprehensive list of the four shelters so far in our district and kind of what they're who they're serving and then you even included the cd5, temporary shelters, temporary hotels- and I thought it was really a nice document and I'm we should have that at least internally. For I mean I don't mind, sharing it publicly, but I don't know how we all feel about this, but to have the all the permanent shelters and just kind of a little synopsis, like you have here for the 30th street, the 40, the women's shelter and 44 the 17th safe haven. You know just have that have a list of all the shelters and we should have that and we don't yeah. That's that reminds me that I promised them a list of the permanent shelters. Oh you did prairie shelters and I and I haven't it's. I need to follow up on that because I asked the office and I know everybody's been crazy. Well, I think I think it would be. I mean they were very nice about like this is really useful. Thank you. They were, they were, you know, very upset about a lot of these issues, but then I think talking to you and seeing the list and better understanding of what what's happening. They alleviated some of their fears and there's still issues and still concerns. I get it, but you know I think, the more information we share. I don't know if we want this on our on our website or if we just want to have it in our pocket. You know at the office when someone requests it, I it was, it's really valuable. I don't know yeah and that particular phone call was interesting because it you know, you know how you end up swimming in this information and you don't realize a lot of people, don't know it right and so yeah. They were both just kind of eternally grateful and that kind of informed you know a monday for me as well good rick, yeah it. I think it's wonderful to have it in the office. I think the department of homeless services would have a connection if you put it on the website yeah, I just couldn't. I wouldn't I wouldn't go so far as to make it generally public if it's something to answer or request, as corinne did with a particular school. I think that that's part of our job, but to make it publicly available just to research DHS, would have just a fit so just want to bring that up. Okay, good all right corinne is there anything else: nope, okay, next exec, the 21st land use and waterfront adam hi all so we have our current meeting coming up in a couple weeks. We have two presentations regarding things within midtown east regarding transportation, improvement projects, the park avenue shed, and I think and there's a another presentation about a large building being built and we're hoping to get an update from the various entities regarding east side, coastal resiliency cody's put out some feelers regarding the heads of those respected agencies had a chance to listen into the cb3 presentation. Last week they were seeing how things were moving forward. The pro the bulk of their updates are sort of their outreach plan and strategy which is sort of coming closer to fruition. This coming fall so they'll provide that updates and the biggest thing probably for us would be sort of when they plan to do construction on ashrae levy, because that's the sort of the first component within district two which is cb6 of that project, and so we would then ask them also about the various mitigation strategies and whatnot that they plan to move forward with and so cody's put out. The feelers we'll get back more information that shortly regarding the meeting in October way, far in advance. So for our committee, we're just going to just place a permanent placeholder for eastside coast, resiliency, just sort of updates. Essentially this could be for month to month. This could be them presenting a whole host of information and things of that nature or it could be every nothing's changed. The end moved agenda item number two and so we're just going to keep that as a permanent placeholder for the time being, and then we sort of have two other items and it's sort of a piggyback on the waterfront as a whole, and so I know molly's sort of been spearheading these various items and ways to sort of activate our waterfront space, specifically like the con, ed, pier and then sort of other sort of aspirational things like the nyu parking and the waterfront and the heliport as well yeah. You know all of it, and so basically this would be sort of more of a committee level. Discussion of sort of. How can we sort of activate these things? Maybe we can form a task force, other sorts of stuff but begin sort of to formulate, as we go into the colder months that what we can sort of go forth in the spring as escr, you know sort of move forward, but also too is you know we have the least amount of open space in new york. You know how can we sort of expand upon this asset and sort of? How can we be streaming about it and how? What can we obtain sort of sort of now, or at least in the near term, and sort of what we need to do? Lay the groundwork for like a larger sort of aspirational plan and so we'll sort of formulate that I will flush that out within the coming month and then the other part. So I had a discussion with sandy and this right now is just sort of a general sort of placeholder about mandatory inclusionary housing, and so I'm hoping we can sort of frame. The discussion of you know. We are now six months into sort of the quote-unquote new normal and what does what does development look like in cb6 sort of in the immediate horizon, and also too, you know? How does that sort of impact, mandatory inclusion and within the within the frame set of how does that impact mandatory, inclusionary housing? So with you know, those projects are still moving ahead, they're still doing construction or whatnot. Those will probably sort of continue, but will there be any sort of new projects sort of in the immediate new horizon, and so some of the ideas that were just that were brought up is that maybe we can have dcp sort of present us sort of a sort of provide a presentation of where they, where they envision things going within the district. We can probably ask some different groups or community members as a whole, sort of provide just an update on mih or just to do some research and get back to the community. So again we're going to sort of flesh that out and we'll have more concrete things within the coming weeks. Thank you. I was going to say: can we ask jarvan from EDC to come to the October meeting, or at least just someone follow up with her on the improvements at the heliport? They were supposed to do a million dollars worth of improvements in the spring of this year and I know coved hit so it may have. You know nothing happened but what's happening there, maybe it's not a meeting. Maybe they just need to tell us. You know right, yeah, that's a great point. I think that they were doing. I think they were doing something just based on casual sort of passing by, but it would be great to see what they are doing. So, yes, please include them great all right! Thank you and sorry. Next, john keller, yeah hi lots of red here because there's a lot in flux. If you're, following what's happening with our schools, you're aware of that I've tried I've reached out to several people and what I think is the best thing we can do is I can get a spokesperson from the DOE to come to our next meeting on the next week and talk about where school opening is now. Our meetings on the 22nd and the schools are going to open on the 21st, but there has been. You know, just considerable confusion on this and it's been basically mangled, and I know this is streaming on youtube and anybody can listen to it. Then I'll just say that it's really been handled. Everyone says that yeah I mean it's not news. What I would like to do on tuesday is get someone from the DOE from you know, to come and be there and you know to invite any parents who want to attend- and you know, speak about their experience. That's the very best I can do I reached out to my usual suspects and all of them are just they're buried. I mean you know: they're spending, 10 and 14 hours a day just trying to get schools open and one person. Who's very well informed, said to me today that they thought it's possible, that the schools wouldn't even open on monday, so that that's how bad it is. But so what I would like to put on temporarily for the agenda on next week, very simply is a spokesperson from the DOE to come and listen to what parents have to say as to meeting. But foreign got it's gone downhill since you know ambitiously put that on the health on the health side. Sorry relates, if would it be possible, have we reached out to the cb6 schools elementary schools to see what their experience is and that's the problem you see I reached out to the two people who to whom the principals talk and to whom the people talk at those schools. Well see this the superintendent, we're not go, I'm just. I don't want to put her through this on tuesday. I happen to like her and I think what we need is someone from central from face of families and community engagement to come and describe and take accountability for what central has done here and not put it on a superintendent who is just trying to make the best of a very bad situation, and that's my own personal, that's. I just don't think it's fair to her to have her show up for this, and I ask someone else who works in that office. Who's very senior to come and they said well, there'd be very little. I could say that face wouldn't say so. That's brought up the our local schools, because if we have a better understanding of their specific ask, we then can advocate for them more specifically yeah. That's what I would like to do and I'd like to invite them on tuesday actually to come and talk to us about that, and we could invite like even a pta, because again karen and I are we're all talking to them like pa and then ps59. If we could do that on tuesday get any people from pas who would like to or would be able to come, but this is so fluid. I can't I mean I just can't even describe it. Jesus and cody. Can you guys? Can we talk about? Maybe they've already been invited? I don't know so just so we're clear. First, we're not talking October or this kind of. However, for September for this coming meeting, the DOE rep from face. Is that someone that you want us to secure or that will use it? No I'm! I am. I've already asked the superintendent of district 2 to secure me, someone from face. Okay, all right. So then we should reach out to ptas, and then you will reach out to your network of parents as well for this coming September meeting for this coming meeting and if the DOE doesn't send someone. You know that would be a very bad thing. As the saying goes. They have to send someone to answer these questions and it's put the principles on the spot for this because yeah we don't want that they're too busy. I think they're, first of all, they're too busy. Secondly, they'd have to be criticizing their boss in public, so maybe the pta- and I and I have the ps281 and ps116 contacts I don't know corrine you might have I mean I have ps4, maybe like ps40, who has ps59. I can get 59 without a problem. Pta okay, molly at the last borough board meeting. Didn't you have a presentation from deal from the department of education from maryland? Yes, and wasn't it the superintendent of high schools yeah, she was, she was lovely yeah, but she was handling all of Manhattan right. Wouldn't she be able to answer those questions. Well, that would be marisol rosales: who's. The executive for all of Manhattan and inviting her on this tuesday, the day after school, is open that I'd rather say I have a that's a bullet. I'd rather save, rather than ask her to come, so we could maybe get her presentation. If that's, if anything, I can get that presentation that would be used. The girl board was supposed to send out the presentation. I don't know if you got it molly, I don't know, I don't think so. Yeah I'll follow up and follow up tomorrow's borough board, so I'll ask yeah, because that would be useful. We could go through that and I know marisol rosales and if I would like to have her come to one of our meetings, but I'd rather hold up on that. Okay, so let's go. I have a copy of that. I have a copy of that, so it was sent out. Oh so will you send it to the office former council member, okay, we'll send it to the office and they'll they can share it with the committee, so a little more clarity on the health side. Actually, I had a very good conversation conversations with carlina rivera's office and they're very excited in October about doing something on the mental health aspects of Covid-19, because that is something that has not gotten councilmember rivera has done. I think one face facetime live thing, but they're very they're, very interested in doing something on that and getting people in from the hospitals to talk about how this has affected families and the mental well-being of people. So, john, that's not on the agenda here. No, that's new! That's just so. We need to take some things off, because this is way too many things. No, this is a an old agenda. It's ridiculous to go to the construction authority on the work at washington irving when we're just basically trying to get kids healthily back into schools, yeah they're, sending their updates regularly they're on it. I think that that's moving forward admissions at public middle and high schools that is going to heat up as the year goes on and as we get closer to elections, but that's that would not once again that's not where the focus is right now on the schools and then the discussion related to dyslexia and learning of disabilities. That was something we had on the agenda for one of our earlier meetings and we could get someone from the cec d2 who's doing that at a future date as well. I would the high school with art and design the principal is going to be up to his neck in just getting the school reopened, and you know what was the item. You said that council, member rivera Covid-19 yeah the one mental health and mental health, the mental health impacts of of Covid-19 19. I'll. Be on that call. That's my that's my issue. It's an under discussed issue, it's one with which I am personally very familiar, yeah. So john. The reason this list got so long is because you know sort of as things get pushed back, they sort of all back up. So, since we're kind of clearing them out some of these things that may sort of re-emerge we'll leave it to you to sort of tell us hey. Okay, let's put this back, and I admit I neglected that this month, I've just been swamped with a bunch of things, but I think the Covid-19 19 and then once we see what happens as schools open, you know we can figure out what to do in October, because right now I it's so fluid. I just you know, and people are so mad. You know that it's very difficult to we can. We can add to this good okay, so, but the discussion on the mental health aspects of Covid-19 will be good. We will do something on the school's reopening in October. I'll just give you. I think I mentioned this earlier, but one of my kids goes to Bronx science. Eighty percent of the kids are doing remote learning there and that is 75 and the numbers are rising. So there's a whole question about whether this whole blended model is going to work at all and anyway, that's enough for that. Okay, all right! Okay, thanks john all right kyle everyone. Can you hear me yep sorry, I've been having computer issues today. So just let me know if I end up going out or you can't hear me or anything like that so yeah. So of course, agenda is in formation for the October meeting, we've actually been seeing a lot of renewals and new applications, which has been very encouraging. So hopefully that trend continues and hopefully that also moves that they've been able to sort of weather this storm. So far per my report back during floorboard in September we're going to have a further discussion at the end of this month on indoor dining and extending outdoor dining. Obviously, the day off was when we heard that indoor dining had you know the 25 and then 50 capacity by the end of the month. Obviously a lot of while this is good news, also at the same time, it's not the perfect scenario. There are still business owners who are very nervous about this, about even safety or hiring workers, or even protecting workers and all of the stuff that comes with that. So hopefully, by the end of we're, gonna be having a conversation on at the end of this month and, of course, the October 31st deadline. So hopefully we have more information by then about. What's going on, there's been a lot of discussion on our committee, even before indoor dining was announced about extending outdoor dining and just kind of seeing. If businesses have a way to do it safely and in cold weather may you know, maybe they should have the ability to do so. We're having a conversation at the end of this month and any follow follow-up at the end of October. Also, at the end of this month, we're going to have well we're working on getting a presentation by decrim ny and for those who are unfamiliar with that is a movement is an organization. The point of it is to support sex workers and particularly around destigmatizing, protecting anti-trafficking and decriminalizing it, of course as well. So I thought it'd be interesting to have a conversation about that, particularly during Covid-19. Those workers have not been protected. There have been a lot of issues about that just in general, even before covert about protection- and you know labor rights and things like that. So hopefully we get a presentation from them at the end of this month and then any further discussion on it can happen in October as well and karen- and I have talked about this because obviously there's a lot of overlap with that particular issues and then also there are pending. There is pending legislation that was introduced last year, particularly around anti-trafficking human rights, and things like that, so any follow-up probably be more detailed. Next month after we have a presentation, but that's what we have for now, yeah, I'm looking good. That's great thanks, kyle questions for kyle, okay, I'm I have to back up to transportation. I had a addition to the agenda that I've totally forgot about. I have a presentation that we've been talking about for a long time, it's a little weird because it's the underpass at 37th street between the fdr and, I guess the fdr, the east river and fdr. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, and so we have a design, an idea to get people thinking about it and and it's but it's you know: new york, city, D.O.T, nizdot, new york, state D.O.T and even parks kind of touches on that property. So but it I think it is a transportation item initially. So I they have some ideas that, like they'll, come to present at the October meeting and then rich. You had one more item yeah. I just wanted to follow up circle back on the on the street racing bill, the transportation bill. I looked at the bill, it does a few things, but the relevant thing here is that it allows dlt to install speed cameras over and above the 750 count limit. If there is racing happening in the area and the community board votes in favor in advance, there's racing in our community. I see it all the time, I'm right by the fdr in like second and third avenue. So I mean it's just if the road is empty they're, you know, I don't know what their maseratis or lamborghinis or just like hondas, but they're, speeding, really crazy fast. It's so scary, rich if the community board votes in advance, meaning once there has been racing identified or yes or do you mean preemptively like no racing has to be identified and there has to be a public hearing held and then the community board has to vote. So I don't think it'll be very effective. Oh I seriously have written well, so that's brad's bill. That's furious yeah. It also does other things. It extends the hours yeah. That's all I read is the headline. Yeah rick requests the floor. Oh rick! I I'm sorry I'm sorry! I don't want to extend this too much but rich. Is there a definition of what racing includes? If is it the speeding or does it have to be like, or is it like? Two people decide no one of those 50s movies. In that section it uses the words, speed contests and races pursuant to section such and such which must be defined elsewhere, and then it also adds mr [ __ ] specific misdemeanor for racing, which is defined in detail. What racing is a challenge, coupled with a response in speed and relative position, indicating acceptance? It's like, oh, my goodness, that's ridiculous, so the scene is speeding. Racing is racing yeah that but see that doesn't really take care of what we need in our district. We need this camera we need. The cameras is what we really need. We need more cameras. We need all the hours as much as you can get didn't mean it didn't mean to turn it into one of my lengthy meetings. No, I agree with you. I don't think the bill is good enough. Okay, yeah! I agree. I agree brian yeah same as everybody else, and if we put an agenda item on, we can draft up a resolution to support the bill with the condition that a lot of this bureaucracy is taken out of it. Yep good can't you guys just put on an agenda item to craft a resolution that would detail a better bill. If you guys think this bill is so deficient and then see if your elected officials will perhaps pass that instead or in addition to I mean it's one way to go about it, but I think that the I think the current bill, the intent of it, is fine and we just need to get these hearings and community board reviews. Out of it, I mean we would move, let's ask claire, can we on our side of it, but across the city? This affects people and it's not a purview of the community board, but I mean it is kind of it's our residence if they travel anywhere in the city and they get run down in a community that you know clear. So, if you're talking red light camera for set in place the October meeting, maybe we could? I don't know if I can't remember I guess your agenda is already quite large, but well I think it's like it could be a discussion if you, if it, but it kind of flows into that other issue. So maybe that yeah. I think that it's I mean I know yeah. We can leave it on there and think about it. We can edit it yeah. I think that, like a general discussion about speeding and what you know we can ask for, maybe you know do they. I think that we don't have to specifically talk about set in place on 54th street if we kind of make it just more general or a joint kind of thing, talking about speeding and racing in general, so we'll delete item three and four and make that one item in general about speeding, yeah, okay, looks like sandy would like the floor sandy. The presentation is not from the NYC and new york state D.O.T on the 37. Those are just mistakes. Those are the stakeholders yeah, it's just a presentation from whom from a local architect, we won't mention it. It's not relevant here yeah, it's just an idea from someone to kind of like get to get everyone thinking about what we can do there in that dark, scary, underpass. Okay, all right! Sorry to digress! Thank you, everyone, all right, so pam had we owed a new business pam and I hope I was hoping to keep it to 30 an hour we're 10 minutes over, so not too bad. Okay. I have two questions. There was a time when we extended the exact meetings to include the vice chairs. Have we stopped doing that or no they're always welcome to come it's great. If they come but they're, not on they're, not they don't count as quorum right so they're always please always invite kevin. Always okay, but I mean shouldn't we as a group invite our vice chairs just include them on the invite. Yes, so that it's automatic. I second pam, even though we're not voting on anything yeah I mean, I don't think, there's any yeah. I don't think. There's any reason not to I guess. Every committee has a vice chair, yeah and they're, not but they're not required to join it's not it doesn't count as quorum. Hopefully they join when you're unable to join, but the way we've been doing it is that anyone any vice chair who wants to come is of course, welcome to come. They already have the sign-in information and when we see them we can just easily promote them to be here with all of you. They don't know about it that they're in that they third wednesday at 6, 30, there's not any right, and we did spend a lot of money on a very nice website that has a weeding calendar that has all that information. So I hope that our vice chairs are frequently consulting that I mean, if you guys, want us to send automatically the invo info to them. We can, but- and just since you brought this up rich earlier mentioned- that he wanted to be registered as here so as molly alluded to the vice chairs are welcome but they're, not I'm not quorum. Okay, yes yeah! So they're, not they're here as members of the public effectively right, and my point is only that it should be automatic all right, oh, go ahead b. So why don't we just on the calendar say all vice chairs are invited if interested to attend and not get into all this level of details. Yeah. I think that's fine! That's what I do. I join a call and then you know jesus always promotes me all of a sudden. My picture is up on there. I just wanted to lurk and listen. You know he promotes me. Okay, I've got it alright, one more thing on the vice chairs kavisa, I yeah she doesn't have a vice chair. So sorry, so we will. We should talk about that because you have a good committee and to have a that support is always good. So let's talk about that. Okay, here's! My next thing. Can somebody explain to me why this district has wound up with so many shelters? I don't understand. Historically, we have much less than most. We have less than most. We have a lot less than most, so we can show you the map I mean. Even there are what was your list corrine? There are four temporary shelters in our area. There are 11 in cb5, okay, yeah we're very. We have a very little. I know it, that's why this information is so useful because I think when people compare the upper west side and all the you know brouhaha about that, they don't have. You know, compare, I don't know if it's all equal, I'm sure some have much more than others, but we don't have a larger majority. Though do we ever collect stuff to bring to the shelters for the people? I'm sorry say that again, pam do we ever collect stuff to be brought to the shelter for the people who live there and seliger volunteered to be the point person for that. I've had very few people. Take me up on that. I guess when I did it myself, I reached out to my block and everybody on my block knows me, because they you know anyway so but the and the short answer is no. When it comes to fair share we're about smack in the middle, we don't have more shelter beds than any other streets. We were actually about half there halfway there, which is I mean considering how bad it is out there, especially around kids bay and the public health district. It doesn't feel like that, but we're not the worst cody. Is that what were you gonna offer anything yeah? Corinne said what I was going to, and I was just pulling up the fair share analysis that that backs up what she was saying. This comes from 2019, so this was pre-covered pre-temporary shelters which you've already discussed, but you know we had 1.5 percent the rightmost column is total shelter, population housed in a community district and the columns to the left of that is where that population comes from. So we had 1.5 percent of the city's shelter population housed when this analysis was run by city council in 2019, as you can see back then as well cv5 just to our west at 4.3. For a point of comparison, thank you thanks man, all right, any other old or new business. Okay, I'm hearing none meeting is adjourned. Yay go have dinner for glasses. Thank you, bye, good night. Thank you, cody. Thank you good morning. Everyone thanks, everyone good night. Sorry, not long enough, not long enough.