Thank you so much that we really is. It shouldn't really be a long meeting tonight, so I'm just going to go ahead and start the meeting good evening. Everyone and welcome to our second executive meeting for the month as we are preparing for the full board meeting next week on tuesday, the 28th. I hope that everyone is having a relative. Are you back with us, the legion, oh she's frozen or something I don't see it? Oh, let's see nope am I frozen again yeah you froze for a little while we lost you. Can you hear us alicia technology's awesome all right, so I'm gonna get the meeting going while alicia figures out her technology. So michelle, I assume you are taking minutes and vote on the approval of the previous month's minutes on dual co. Yep daily should drop off yeah she'll be back okay, I'll come back michael mourino, yes, lisa kaplan. Is it all connected everything I don't know what's going on? We can hear why my screen keeps doing this in and out stuff, I'm just going to I'm going to log in on my hey alicia we're gonna. Do we're doing roll call for the minutes while you get everything. Did you hear me michelle? I yes was it yes, okay attendance has taken no, not yet alicia we're in the middle of it. Alicia say yes, great. Okay, eric diaz he's on mute, eric diaz you're on mute, okay, eric! I will come back. Okay there. You go! Yes, sorry! Yes, thank you! Michelle cooper smith, yes, herman hewitt! I don't see herman on yet there's one person in the attendee have under a phone number. So if that's herman just hit star nine to raise your hand and I'll know, that's herman, okay, anisha, stephen, yes, melee! Yes, jackie wong, yes, linda jones, yes alex molotano alex! I mean yes, thank you trevor holland, yes, paul rangel, yes, okay, I'll, try, one more time if herman, if you're on okay. Thank you. Okay, I'm going to agree. Okay, so yeah I had to leave the computer because it was unstable so good evening. Everyone and thank you for coming to tonight's meeting. We should relatively have a very short meeting tonight. I don't think it's too much that we have to report on. If you look at the agenda and there's only been a few meetings after our last executive meeting, so we have the approval of the minutes from last month. Last week's I want to say two weeks ago, this meeting so can we have an approval everyone in favor? We just did that. Okay, sorry, so we're up to the chairs report. Okay, so there's really nothing to report from last week to this week to be honest with you, so we're going to move on vice chair first life shares report. Just a few couple of things, starting zoom has launched some updates, so you for those of you who are running your meetings, you might see some change in the functionality. Nothing drastic they've, reinstituted the the ability for the host to unmute people more easily. The biggest change which is launching september 27th is that all meetings are going to have to have a either a waiting room or a passcode to get into them we're already using a waiting room so we're covered, but starting september 27, which we're still meeting virtually again. Every meeting is going to need either one not both either one but we're already using the waiting room, so we're covered. The only other thing is we're doing a webinar on august 3rd, at 6 30 with lorelei salas who's, the commissioner of one of the city agencies, who I'm going to say the wrong name. So I'm not even going to say it and she's going to cover basically workers rights, workplace rights. As far as people who are now returning to the workplace and what protections they should be expecting from their employers related to covid this, I can't think of his name right now, but a council member from the upper west side did a similar town hall with her last month that I attended, and I thought was really well done, which is why I asked if we can do it down here for our residents and we're partnering with margaret chin's office and paulina rivera's office on this as well. So it'll be obvious. What and that is it. They said you have anything the second vice chair. I would report that I have I'm happy to report. I have nothing to report. Treasurer's report- I don't think herman is on so we can move on from the treasures report and we'll go right to susan for the district manager's report. Okay, I was trying to turn on my video now I was hanging up my laundry before michael. Could I ask you what the information you gave about needing the waiting room and all that who is that coming from zoom zoom sent out a like an email update? Wait it's not coming from beta nyc, it's coming from zoom itself, okay! So for my report. First of all, I just want to make sure everyone's aware on the covet statistics. The mayor's office has been promoting information that there's been an uptick in the 20 to 29 year olds. It's an eight percent uptick, which is quite significant when you consider most of the city is going down. So I just wanted to make people aware of that complaints were had we're. Getting terrible numbers of complaints as well as elected officials. Offices are on crime, on drugs on homelessness, people are often mixing up homeless, with people on the streets, some of whom are homeless and some are not tremendous amount of drugs. I get. Complaints like people are lying on the street with needles sticking out of their arms they're doing drugs very openly. I remember this when I first moved to the neighborhood many years ago, there seems to be absolutely no plan on how to deal with this at all. I have just recently found out that all elected official chiefs of staff have a weekly phone call and they're also talking about this problem coming up all the time. It's very hopeless feeling, because there's no one you could even go to you know. Homeless outreach is certainly doing their outreach, but it's absolutely not resolving the problem. I just wanted to mention about ed in the office who I've been telling him what an amazing job he's been doing, he's just been stepping up so much on not just doing his work but kind of proactively making sure things are done like the end of the fiscal year work and that kind of stuff which I'm reminding him much less, because I'm not in the office with him. So I you know I just wanted to mention. You know we all notice when things aren't done. I just wanted to mention. You know some really good work that is being done so paul. I guess reported that last meeting about avenue b the resolution we did on avenue b so after we had a meeting which we discussed, the fire department objections to closing part of avenue b after that dot went and closed avenue, b between second and third street right around the corner of the fire department without notifying the fighter fire department, they're closing it for friday evenings and weekends for restaurants. We have been very upset about that. I got an answer from d.o.t a week ago, we're looking into it and I keep following up and I'm not they just stopped responding to me. I did go to the mayor's office with this. They had an interagency call. Last friday the fire department was not on the call, but dot's answer to this was that they can take the they can get out and move the barricades, which of course, is going to add time what it seems to me that they're doing instead, they I'm suddenly seeing a lot of fire engines on those days, come west to avenue a and then turn north on avenue, aid which does tie up traffic and I'm sure it adds time to it. And then today I found out from a restaurant owner on avenue b that they're now talking about also closing three to four third street to fourth street, because as long as you have the block before closed, you know they have no, they can't use their route anyway. The mayor's office has heard so many complaints about these closures done without even notifying the community board. That they've now asked cau to work with them and notify community boards, so I got a call the other day that they restaurant owners want to close avenue c. So what happens? If three restaurant owners get together and say we want to be in charge of posing they get to close. So I was told that if they want to close avenue c- and they want to close saint mark's from which is now closed from second to third avenue, but they also want to close it from avenue a to second avenue- and I told them- it was just absolutely crazy to close avenue c on the this is on the weekends I mean you're, closing avenue b, now you're going to close avenue c with two bus routes in an area. That's terribly underserved. I don't know if they've contacted carolina's office, but I know they feel absolutely the same way: they're not going to support it for the saint marks. I suggested to them that it would be a lot better if the village alliance were in charge rather than just putting restaurant owners in charge and they have gone to them and it looks like that might happen, which I think will keep it in much better shape, and I think oh, we don't have a second exact meeting scheduled for august. I want to know from the exact whether you still want to have a second meeting or not. Well, I think I think well, michelle has a question so I'll. Let her go. First, michelle go ahead! Susan! Sorry, I just didn't catch what you said about closing st marks. Is it between 2nd avenue and avenue? A in addition to 2nd avenue to 3rd avenue? Was that? Yes, sorry, I didn't catch that. Okay! Thank you. So, susan. In regard to your question about a second meeting, I mean, I think the question really is right back to you and the rest of the staff, because you know: do you guys feel like that? You still need us to meet more frequently to help with things that are going on that you're dealing with well. I so there's one problem: is I don't see a single day to meet for the exec? The other problem is I don't. I don't feel that way, but then, like with the last meeting thing, you know things just keep coming up. However, I really don't even see when we could meet. I just late today found I had a schedule, an arts and culture meeting which would have been the only time I would have had the exact. So I'm going to say we should try and go without okay may and paul have their hands up so may go ahead. Oh I just had a question for susan. You said there was an uptick in these reports about what was it crime and drugs and homelessness. So is that, like different from last year, like more than last year at this time, huge difference? Okay, incredibly huge difference, and everybody agrees that they haven't seen anything like this, since the 70s or 80s. Really one issue happening is a lot of services are closed, so people that might have been going to substance, abuse, services or various other services or no longer have those services. I don't think that's responsible for everything, but that's certainly in the mix. Okay, susan, just just get some clarity on that on the on 8th street between a and 2nd. So that's going to go through because I know last time we spoke about it, we weren't sure, but you said the bid is actually going to take it out. Yeah I spoke to so the city eiu has spoken to the head of the bid, william kelly, and he has spoken to me and he's also going to call pedro. It sounds like he's going to do that and one of the things that where it helps to have a bid, I know not everybody sees it this way, but the bids do require compliance to the physical setups and other compliance like no outdoor music and that kind of thing, and he was telling me the way he's able to have businesses comply in his areas. You know he simply says: look. We either comply or drop the program. So that's a pretty big, pretty big leverage and I think it certainly you know, would be helpful to have that kind of leverage in our avenue. Eight, a second where we've seen problems in the past trevor, just look real, quick and following up on may's comment about the uptick, not only in covet 19 infections among the young, from 20 to 29, but the overall spiking crime in our call with the severed precinct. I was a little disappointed to hear the captain basically use the word discretion, which means that they're not really going to be doing much as the mayor's office or any of the public officials talked about solutions for the covet 19 uptick in young folks, because they're not enforcing, or at least as far as I can see, the police aren't enforcing social distancing or mask anymore. So what's the solution for that? First of all, I want to say those were two separate things. I was reporting an uptick in diagnosis, from the 20 to 29 year olds. I was separately reporting, not an uptick, but a huge gigantic increase in crime, hopelessness and drugs. So this is not coming from our precincts. All of this is coming from one police plaza. They are not allowed to enforce. I don't know what they're allowed to do anymore. To be quite honest, but basically so seventh precinct is responsive. When I call about a specific problem, like someone says, there's a huge crowd here in front of a business. This hasn't happened in the same last two weeks, but they would respond and they would actually just disperse the crowd and work with the owner to make sure it doesn't happen again. That does not happen in the ninth precinct. There is no plan. There is no plan there. You know I'm going to certainly bring this up again tomorrow morning at the borough service cabinet meeting, and it's not community board three, it's you know it's probably most of the city, but very certainly all of manhattan, I'm not alone in reporting these, and I do not know what to tell you. It is kind of hopeless okay. Thank you not much to thank you, okay. So the only other thing I just wanted to mention was just two things. One. Some of you still have questions from me regarding agenda items. You know language for agenda items. The other thing I just wanted to remind people as david used to and as michael sometimes does, when you vote in the beginning of the meeting and to adjourn you don't need a motion, you don't need a second and when you take minutes, you really shouldn't be using anyone's name, you know so, and so second it it's just what our corporate minutes format is just to report on what was discussed so it'll just to make life easier for all of you just vote on those. You know on the roll calls, and you know don't worry about capturing people's names and that's it there's no more questions linda. You had your hand up, but then you put it back down. Do you have a question linda your hand's? Still up I hate yeah. I just had to say I happened to watch the cuomo show today and he stressed that the local police are supposed to be enforcing the bar situation and if they don't he's going to send in the state police to do it so for whatever that's worth I'll, tell you what it's worth so. The new york city, the new york city police, are run by the new york city police, not by cuomo and I'll. Tell you what he does for enforcement. He is I've heard sent in state police to enforce. He has also sent in department of motor vehicle and employees to inspect and, of course, I have no idea what they're doing so, it's even more of a mess all right. Thank you, susan felicia. Do you want to take over? Can you guys see me and hear me, can you can you see me? Yes, we can see and hear you alicia, but I think alicia. You have a very bad internet connection, so your picture is going to freeze and you're going to drop in and out. I don't know if you're using your iphone, but it's your internet connection, yeah, it's my internet connection, I'm having a hard time. I don't know why it keeps booting me off and putting me back on. I have no idea, I mean it. I have spectrum, I don't know, what's happening all right, do you want to turn off the meeting or do you want me to do it? Can you can you guys hear me right now, though? Yes, okay, so good, all right, and if I get booted off michael you're going to have to pick back up. I'm sorry, I don't want to do that to you, but I'm anyway, we got to the district manager's report. So let's go to the committee reports. I think there's only two committees that met since the last time that we met it was sla, so nothing to report okay and then it was next yeah. So we did not pass any resolution and on 70 marbury street update. The city has already allocated 80 million for the redevelopments of this site. They also announced that they are going to reopen the link of bs3 soon, but they did not offer a set time for the reopening and they're, also in the process of hiring a consultant to contest the community engagement. So they want to see what is the community's vision for this site in the future and then decide what to do and then. The second item on our agenda was the singh augustine's church. So a development team came to present their preliminary plan to develop a site behind the church on henry street. The goal was to build a 21 story, building with 130 units all affordable and because the church is a landmark, so some preservationists showed up for the event, also the neighboring organization, such as henry street settlement. They also came to the meeting, and the committee asked a lot of questions and the development team would address those questions in the next presentation and we also finalized the district statement. That's all I have thank you, jackie transportation, nothing to report, okay parks. I know I know I'm going all over the place, but I don't want to duplicate, because I know economic met. Health and human services met parks. I'll be brief bit, although we had an extensive update on the escr project, which will continue every month until probably the project is done. A lot of the questions still need to be answered because we had not met with the erc or our eser team. In quite some time. They just gave an update on the project and where it is, it is not delayed or substantially. There are some issues, but it's essentially on track, but we'll hopefully have more of a update next month, and if anyone has any questions on that, because we spent quite some time on it'll be easier to answer questions and just go over the entire update. They did talk about interim flood protection, which would not work for the era area a lot to do with the drainage in the area and for some portions of the study area. It wouldn't be worth putting up four foot forefoot level protection when a lot of the buildings would not be protected. Those are the main two topics, but no resolutions. We will meet again next month to talk about this project again. Thank you trevor. I think that's it. I think everybody else met right and- and you spoke before landmarks susan- you have a question go ahead. I just I saw that michelle made a comment about the broadband report that I had sent to everybody, and I just wanted to make sure that people look at it and look at our community. I was shocked at the lack of infrastructure in our community, so you know we put a lot of effort into social media, which I think is great. There's no downside, but I think if we just have to be very careful to understand how many people- that's not reaching yeah it's funny, because michelle's comment was, I think, related to all of the internet connectivity issues that will be happening of what I sent out and I just want people. I think we should you know everything social media these days in our community. That's this very small percentage and I just think we have to be aware of that. Yeah we have a number of hands up, I'm assuming it's. I don't know what it's related to, but I know that there was an arts and culture meeting yesterday as well. So alicia, do you want to report on that before we take these questions? Or do you want to do the questions? First, I'm sorry go ahead. You want to do the questions. First, all right. Let's just do the questions. First, lisa go ahead. Mine isn't really a question. I just wanted to add something at old business which I should have said during. My second vice shares report about attendance. So do you want me to do it now or should come back to me? Come back after an old business we'll do it? May? Oh, oh just about the the broadband map that was like it was they called it adoption? I think. So it's not so much the lack of infrastructure, but people are not subscribing to broadband and in urban areas. Usually it's because they can't afford it. So that is our problem. I don't know what my problem is. I wish I didn't know. I have no idea. What's going on, I keep getting booted off, oh jackie and then we'll move on with the agenda. Jackie, yes, jackie! You got that cheap subscription right. It's spectrum! It's that trump, it's not cheap! The spectrum is not cheap. Michael. I have a technical questions about the checkbox. So do you want me to ask it now, or I should be cheap for real you can? Why? Don't you ask it now? Let's do it yeah, so when the public type in type in the chat box, I just wondering if everyone can see it only the host can see it. It depends on how you have it set up when you're in when you're. In the meeting, when you first start the meeting, you can go to like the three dots next to the chat within the chat field. There's three dots that sort of show up at the bottom. Those dots allow you to change, who sees the chat or who can chat so like right now for our meeting. If you go and you go to the three, the three dots you'll see: it's the attendees can't chat with anybody. The panelists can chat with the attendees, can't we're in a webinar format in a meeting format. Those options are different, so typically for what I do in parks. The way trevor likes it done in parks is that people can only chat with the host meaning whoever's hosting the meeting so trevor, and I, as the ho who hosts the meetings, we can see people, attendance and whatnot, but this way it alleviates the second meeting happening in the chat box because they can't chat with each other, and they can you know so. The options in the meeting format are either that they can't chat at all. They can chat only with the host of the meeting or they can chat with everybody and they can chat or they can chat with everybody and also privately to each other, and the settings can be changed with that three thoughts. Once you start the meeting yeah, you can change the settings in the chat box and it only affects that meeting and it automatically defaults to the regular. You know openness, the next time you join the meeting. So every meeting you start you have to make that change. Thank you summary of that. At our last meeting it was very effective to prevent the back and forth between people. I know that wanted to. I know a lot of folks wanted to happen. We only had maybe what two comments, michael, where people were trying to make statements, but once they realized that it was only going to host it sort of stopped, so I found it to be extremely effective in stopping second meetings, thanks all right alicia back to thank you. Thank you. I hope I can stay on okay, so we had all of those rep. Let's see no one else. We met after a committee old business, any old business. We did have an arts and culture meeting last night, yeah arts and culture they met. So how did that? Go anisha, yeah I'll, give the update on that carolyn couldn't be on tonight. They, the committee, worked on the district needs statement and they will need another meeting in august in order to finalize that which I think carolyn communicated to susan today. It was also the first committee meeting with three new members to the committee ricky wendy and tariq, and so I the meeting went fine, but you know having three new members and working on the district needs was. You know. I think there was a lot of learning there, which I think was good, so that would be the agenda item for them. The district needs for august and they won't be ready to obviously have it approved by economic development until september lisa and susan both have their hands up we'll start with susan yeah. I wanted to ask first of all, if you know I know it's unusual and hard to have a meeting right before the exec, but if I could be notified like the next morning, because so what I did is I removed the committee from the agenda, sent it out and then had to revise it. So someone could, let me know like first thing it would be. It would be helpful. I want to just also suggest that since they're already on the economic development committee for a report for august 5th that they bring what they've done for the district needs statements, because in the past that I know, there's been some confusion about how much to include- and I think you're really good- to be able to look at what they've done so far. Maybe give them guidance for the next meeting, so yes wait a minute. I susan. I need to take the blame for the meeting because I was facilitating last night's meeting for the zoom and they were under. The committee was under the assumption that they were not meeting in august, but because you had me set up all the meetings august and arts and culture was on there. I just thought it meant they were meeting. So I was like well wait. You guys are meeting, I scheduled a meeting for you next month blah, so I'm the one that kind of put that meeting back on the agenda. So it's totally my fault, so it wasn't that carolyn said that they were told that I should be informed that it's back on so anyway, I'm just regardless. No blame real, I'm just asking I'm just letting people know that it can make a difference to notify early rather than late absolutely, and I will communicate with carolyn to make sure that, like we're in better communication about that, the one thing I would say about having this on the economic development agenda for august, like an update from the committee, is that no actual revisions to the district needs statement happened last night. It was a the process, wasn't fully fleshed out, which is why they certainly need another month. So there really isn't even anything to bring. So I really should be removing that from the agenda. Then. Yes, everything else on the on the economic development agenda looks good though well. I actually had asked you on this special district. I thought we should be able to clarify a little bit better. Okay, I'll, send you something right now: that's fine! Okay, lisa again, I'm just talking about the new business. Are we there yet? Not? Yet sorry, let's go to trevor first time trevor, it's a quick question, and maybe susan or the other community members could answer this. I was always under the impression that we vote at committee on the district needs, but I've heard some other committees that they only adopt it and there's no vote needed. So are we voting on district needs in committee, or are we just adopting it so we've? Actually I'm going to say: we've talked about this like at least three times in the exec and this year we will be voting this year in instead of voting on the district needs in august and then voting on the budget priorities in october we decided- or you guys decided that, because last minute information might come up about covid that we might want to include in the district needs that we would finalize the district needs, but not vote on it until october, so that if there was some last minute piece of information that you needed, you would be have the option to do that. So we're going to vote in october then right with the budget priorities in october, I want to just say you will be spending time on the budget priorities you're not going to have time to start. You know like doing any extensive work on the district needs and there's a I guess that goes into okay. We finished the district needs technically because they haven't voted on it. We have changes in october. I just don't want to go into a whole discussion about the district needs in october from other committee members, but if we haven't voted on it, how do we sort of prevent that? Just close us say you know. Unless there is some solid, you know factual information. That has to be added. It's done. I mean you, that's what all the committees are doing. They're just saying you know it's finalized, we're done and we'll vote on october gotcha, so I have up until october to figure out the compost. No, absolutely not! I said we need to fight. No. I know I'm just joking about that. Okay, because you know you think it's funny. I don't all right. I think we can move on to new business. Now, our old business, sorry lisa go ahead. Okay! I, if I'm understanding my recollection of where this intended. Can you hear me yes alicia? We can hear you am. I am. I on now alicia of attendance tracking is that we sent out letters saying that we would for the people who got a notification, that they did not meet the minimum criteria for attendance that we would follow their attendance for three months through june. So I guess the question is: do is the information available now for the attendance for those three months, and yes should that goat come to me for me to review and get back to the executive committee? I guess in august what I would do in the what I did in the past. Lisa is, I just hang out the office email, susan to request the updated attendance record and another review of just the people that were on quote-unquote probation yeah. So could I add to that please? First of all, I want to tell you: the attendance is kept update every month. So it's always. It's always ready. If you will not email me that email add and enter deidre the djs out this week and copy me, you know I just I'm asking that not everything go through, maybe because it just makes it impossible. But if you would email, adsense, djrs out and ask him to send you the attendance record, it's on our shared drive, he'll just return email and attach it that's all. It takes okay and then what do I review it? And if I, what should? I should email them back and say who seems to still be out of compliance and who is not and then we'll discuss it further or what happens then you're like talk about this offline. If you want okay, thank you. That was so that was it for old business, any new business, okay, okay! So let's have a vote to adjourn. Take the take a vote for an adjournment motion to a journey. Yes, if no one is that mr hewitt was that mr huey, he hasn't talked the entire meeting, no motion, let's hurry up and do this, so this will be the shortest meeting. Okay, I went through michigan now go with it go ahead, michelle alicia! Yes, michael, yes, lisa! Oh, yes, my son mute you're, good, you're, good, okay, eric, yes, michelle cooper smith; yes, herman hewitt, yes, anisha, stephen, yes, maylie! Yes, jackie wong, yes, linda jones, yes alex militano; yes, trevor, holland! Yes, thank you paul rangel. Yes, thank you all right. That's it! Sorry! We didn't meet the seven o'clock deadline paul, but we were only 15 minutes late. All right! Thank you. Everyone! Thank you. Thank you. Okay, bye.