A long day, man, that's why I feel like crying too for sure everyone has mcb4 member. What link are y' all using. Oh I have mcv4 member I better change that how do I change that rename I'm changing it? We can change everybody. It was. There was a duplication of the invite for the meeting registration, so we caught that yesterday, thanks to Janine and she was able to, we were able to streamline it so that dismayed anchor y'. All you said: oh I have Mcd Hey Kitty, hey there. Oh I see that I have to rename myself yay Jesse we're just so grateful that we get to use zoom now and we'll have to talk about that, because we're going to, we will run into issues going into 2021, but yeah. We were just talking about zoom discrimination with our we'll have to also reevaluate our budget and see if we can get a another account. Basically, I'm just going to let Michael Noble, who is obviously a board members in the attendees section as his hand raised. That's what I'm just going to check in on him. Hey Mikey, Christine I know we all know you, but if you can rename yourself for the video, if you click on your the three dots in the corner, it should give you the option to rename there's there you go. You have your hand raised in the twenties. I see him now here, I mean he's on mute but yeah, whose dog is that 20 pound dog who thinks he's a 60 pound dog and he's upstairs. So you can I'm going to close the door. I'll be right back. You need to show him the mute button. Okay, let's see so we don't have everybody here. Not yet am I on this panel, yet Jesse or what I'm sorry Mike I don't see my name or anything. Oh we see your name, Mike you're. Why can't I see my name? Then I don't know Mike, that's you you're. We brought you over. Is there something? Are you I apologize I? Don't have you on the attendance list, and so, if you should be on the task force, then that's fine, yeah well, I just want to know if Ccrb is not showing up. I guess I shouldn't show up either well, they they have confirmed that they will be here or that we're going to have a representative. The former chair of Ccrb, is going to speak next month. Mike, but you're welcome to participate on the task force or justified the top four guys. So you know here we come what's that they just fired four of their most senior yeah. I know that, that's precisely why I want to be a part of this plus the New York Times article, exactly yeah, who knew that when we planned on inviting them that there was going to be so much it's our fault. Plus I've got a personal history with him yeah a little marvelous, so Mike I can, as I said, I can confirm that Deborah Archer who's, the former chair and who's now law, professor, she has agreed to come, speak to us at our December 15th meeting, all right, I'm here, marvelous, lovely and then I also I saw I think it was in the Q&A Jesse. Do you see that yeah, I'm I again, I'm just looking at the list that I have so as David Warren is? Is there anybody else who a board member who's? Well, hello, David! Now we can see you hi. Thank you good to see everyone and thank you. Jesse, no problem, great I'll correct the file too. Obviously, okay, lovely and then I'm just going to go over here. So Michael and David are going to be part of the task force. I should add them to the email distribution list right, Jesse I mean I can do that and I'll send and I'll res just for Saturday's sake. I'll update it and I'll. Send it, but I just want to get clarity. Is that what David and Michael are asking for? Yeah I think it's about time. I think it's time to join. That's fine. I just want to make sure that's what we're doing David. That's the same for you. Yes, this is my first meeting, so I'm assuming I'm going to join this. But let's you know, let's borrow in some unforeseen circumstances, but thank you all right and then so for purposes of quorum. Since we've added two but are missing some others do we have quorum now. I can't quite tell give me one second here: okay, lovely and then we can get started. We have about 13 of us. Yeah you're from perform. Okay sounds good, lovely great, so then I think we can officially go ahead and get started so welcome everybody to our social and racial justice task force and just for some quick housekeeping before we officially get started just to. Let you all know. As you know, in the past, we've met at 5:30 we're hoping going forward that we're going to be meeting the third Tuesday of each month at 6:30. Now, if, obviously, you could all make 6:30 but I suppose if there's anybody who wanted to be on our task force, who can't make 6:30s on the third Tuesday, then we will reach out to them and see if there's something we can do to accommodate their schedule but anyway, so the goal is that we have a set time which is now 6:30. We hope that's more convenient to everybody and on the third Tuesday of the month and I know Jesse. You had said that there might be a pickup or two somewhere, but we'll address that when we get to it, but so, for example, then just so you can make sure it's on your calendars and I think an invite was already sent out to you all, but our next meeting will be on Tuesday, the third Tuesday of December, which is December 15th at 6:30. and as a quick reminder as a task force of Community board 4. Our meeting is being recorded this evening and welcome to everybody who is here with that. Shall I turn it over to you. Viren to get us started. Jesse is here for a very short time, so I'm actually going to take advantage of that. There's a bunch of questions in the last minutes. It was like actually for Jesse to take home. So in terms of our task force outreach. He has some answers for us, so Jesse want to walk us through or should I just pull something up. So you can see that again. No, that that's fine I might not answer all of them in the correct. In the minutes of the minutes, and just very quickly someone put in the Q&A and I'm answering it typing it now, but just for clarity's sake, so we are streaming this on our YouTube channel, it is being recorded, it will be on our YouTube channel. The streaming version of this meeting will be on our YouTube channel indefinite right after this meeting ends. For anybody who wants to re see it later, hopefully in the next 48 hours, I will be uploading. The recorded version of this, which allows for closed caption, which gives folks to be able to you, know, read it read along as well. So that's just the answer to that question and I hope that answers it so yeah so I mean I'm. You know we are treating this task force with the same level of importance as any of the other committees in terms of following open meetings, law and notification. So we send out a notice in a week in advance with the agenda I chase, Spheron and Katie down, for that not actually that's being facetious, I'm not chasing them now, but I chose all the comments. As all the co-chairs know, I chased all of you guys and so I do realize. What I think did happen. A little bit is that we got rolling into the having public meetings. You know before actually I think exec, you know, had we clarified and had our you know exact meeting on it, so we started moving before we and announced the fact that we had the task force. So if anybody saw recently, we did just send out an announcement with a description of the task force. So we did do that just recently. The task force has been on our website and the definition, and that is- and the description of the task force that you guys crafted that exec approved with some minor changes. I think has been on our website for the last two weeks. It's under the committee section, the December meetings is already up and we are posting all of 2021 committee task force every full board meetings in the next week or so onto our calendar. So that's what we're doing in terms of additional outreach. Obviously, there was an idea of like reaching out to specific organizations in our community. The office obviously would be, however, helpful we can be. We have, we do have some lift serves. We have a number of contacts and a number of organizations, so if they we need to coordinate on that, we can definitely do so and if there is an event, obviously a forum of some sort, we obviously would help promote that and- and you know like as we did with the ACES committees- education forum, which I thought was a real success and a couple others and so yeah- that's what we can do I mean obviously we're open to any other ideas. Anything that goes out on our list serve goes on our social media, which is you know both Facebook and Twitter, and but I will be open to any suggestions. So there was one item Jesse about link NYC sure, so we link we do all of our committees and our and the task force on link NYC. So it goes up. You know it's a little bit, it's a little bit different now, because we don't have a location, so I mean we're sending in a either a url or it's a qr code or something along those lines. But you know everything that we do that we announced do through our vr for our vertical response report. Open meetings wise, we do link NY, suite I. Think that is one of the few positives of the link NYC program in our community I find is that we can walk down the street and if you wait long enough, you can actually see community Board, 4's committee meetings go up, and so it's a nice thing so cool great okay see. Does anyone have any questions for Jesse? Tell you had a question it was asked and answered. It was basically about the K, the kiosks, so it's basically Jesse it's automatic I mean it's just like your list goes to them and they generate. We have to submit it separately, so I think a little bit of a little bit of the delay with maybe the task force is that and a little bit of the staffing issue is that the person who was we had a part-timer who really kind of did the heavy load of loading up all of this stuff into Lincoln Yc at the beginning of every month. You know making sure it was on the website making sure the links were correct. All of that we lost her due to budget cuts. So we are, you know, we're making our way through it. It's not. You know, we don't we're okay, but you know I, think that was probably a little bit of the issue but yeah. No it's. Unfortunately, we have to do everything as every as I think as some folks on this committee task force know the city. Rarely interagency coordination really happens, so link NYC is to do. It is different than city record is different than DCP, and so we have to do each of those separately, but we do them, but now that will be I, think Morse structure, not to say that you guys haven't been structured in the past, but it took us a little I think a little bit of catch up to get in the mode of putting you guys into the committee schedule rotation at the beginning. So you know when you get the committee schedule sent out for December you'll, see that even if the agenda agenda's not created yet you'll see that as a as you know, that date is kept for you guys and therefore it'll go into the link NYC and things like that. Got it thanks to two other items: Jesse I think one. You already forwarded the response from NYPD for the letter that we wrote to them. Sorry go ahead, yeah, so I! So right. So the NYPD got us a response to the facial recognition letter. I, think it provided I, think it and it answered some or attempted to answer some of your questions. It did not respond to the I. The invitation I, followed up I, have not heard a response back I, miss I, with all respect to my pda I feel like the letter was the response. Yeah, you know they didn't did not follow up with the an agreement to attend. I do have an another response. Another piece of information that I think will be insightful is that I did confirm with Corey Johnson's office. Unfortunately, Carl Wilson can not make it tonight, but he wanted me to let you all know that there will be an oversight hearing by City council on NYPD in general I. Don't it's not going to be specific to the incident on 45th street, but it will include, but the incident 45th street and issues like that will all will be included and similar issues that have happened throughout the city will be included in that hearing, and so they don't have a date, but it is on the in the pipeline and so I think you guys may want to prepare on that. Yeah and art will Jesse. Do you have an impression if you or any of us will be notified ahead of time with enough I? Would really hope so I mean now that we know it we'll just keep on the speakers staff until they? Let us know you know in terms of you know, I'm assuming it's the Public Safety Committee, but you know it always. It's always. You know who knows exactly how this, how it happens. I think another question we'll have to ask is: if there are a number of community boards that want to provide testimony that we can organize our within amongst ourselves and then to the council that we I think you know, as a block should be heard similar to the way the council used to do it where it was agencies, you know first and then you know advocates and things like that I think would be good if the community boards organized themselves and came as a group, so you're sitting with four other community boards giving testimony- and it's not like one person- speaks that three hour. Three and another community board speaks at hour. Seven. You know: okay, that's good all right. Well then, yes, that will definitely be something important that we need to keep track of and then start thinking about what we would like to say and also who will coordinate with the other community boards. I guess Jesse. Would that be through you or you can do that I mean yeah, we'll I we once that hearing is set I, think we'll find out from other community boards. If they're planning to provide testimony- and you know a general oversight hearing- is not on specific legislation. Typically so we'll see how where we should, we can maybe organize a internal another zoom meeting to check in with a to see where we all fall out in terms of community boards on this on the topic. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's good, but we don't have anything in writing from the city Council in response to our letter. No can you can't still know from the mayor? No, okay! No all right! Ben, that's helpful to know. Yeah I just want to point out that it's great that commissioner Shea sent a response to this letter and actually addressed it to the board, because when we sent him a letter from transportation planning, he did not respond to our letter directly. He only forwarded his response to the cos of the precincts, so it's progress because Commissioner Shea apparently now has our email address. Yeah that took some time. You know they. They we had to track down that we it took some time for us to get them to track down this letter and recognize that they needed to respond to it. But I will say in the short period of time. So far they've been NYPD has been more responsive than some other of the agencies. We've sent letters to so James yeah. So first, that's a big win to get the response. Having read the response and I take it just so I'm clear we're not going to have a presentation by anyone from NYPD. So this is the discussion now well. Nypd right has not indicated that they are interested in coming to speak to us about the topic and I. Don't want to jump ahead in the agenda I just I, understood Viren, to say that Jesse was going to report on some stuff, so I didn't want to start talking about the letter. Unless this is the point in the agenda, we're doing that so right, James. Just to pick up on that, we are going to still keep trying to have someone come and speak with us and one of the things that Jesse and with Jesse's help we're going to try and identify who that person might be so instead of asking NYPD blindly to just send somebody over, we want to identify the right person who can come and actually give us information that we would like to hear about, and one person that I remember in that. Whatever that call I forget the name for that meeting. The town hall meeting that borough president's office had organized and I did ask the same question at that point in time and a gentleman came but I couldn't get his name at all and he was quite informative. In fact they were, they didn't give him sufficient time to. Actually, you know explain how the facial recognition policies work or do not work. He didn't watch the website and whatnot. We want to really find who that person might be right, so I think what we're hoping to do now is to invite somebody who would also be speaking at the December meeting. You know when we have somebody from the Ccrb speak. We now hope to have somebody not from the police but from somebody else who can help answer our questions about the use of facial recognition. Software and in fact one thing. I think that would be helpful tonight is to just get from the group what the questions might be and also we can even talk briefly about what questions we might have from the Ccrb, because the woman who has agreed to come speak has said she'd love to have an idea of what we'd like to hear about for her to prepare her presentation. So I think James was asking whether there are other subjects for Jesse before he leaves and then right, because I would love to I would love? Do we have that answer? Is there other issues that Jesse is reporting on right? I didn't want to jump the agenda, because I would love to talk more about the facial recognition software, but it was my understanding that you Viren had some things for Jesse to discuss before he had to go. That's it actually, I Varen! If you don't have anything else, that's pretty much it. Yes, so I'll just end just a couple things I just want to make sure you guys have a healthy number of attendees in your from the public. Here, it's like remind I'm going to hand over the reins over to viran. If that's all, right, Jesse can I just ask you two quick things, and this actually is about our next agenda item, which is we had discussed wanting to find volunteers from our board, who are interested in being the CB4 Rep to the four police precincts in our district? Yes and I had meant to and frankly failed to get the dates on the month that those that they meet yeah, because I think that will be helpful for people to know whether or not they can commit to being the CB4 Rep yeah. So I just wondered: if you had them, yeah I do I mean I can I do have them off the top of my head. I don't know them, but unfortunately just so, you know two of them. Two of our recent meetings are tonight, and then they are the third Tuesday of usually the third Tuesday of every month. So we're going to have to run into you we'll have to figure a solution to that, so the Midtown north is tonight and the 13th is tonight to my knowledge Leslie. Is it both of them by the way, and she would be the perfect candidate to be a representative to at least north you're, saying that she's attending two meetings at the same time, yeah back and forth? She does it up every time, otherwise, she'd be here tonight. No, it's in it's between north and south. She does not north and yeah. This is the 13th, not this, not the south yeah. Whatever she's doing two tonight, though, that much I do know she told me so the others I I can find out. If you give me after this I'll quickly confirm the dates: okay, they're, the same type of meeting in the sense that it's, the third Wednesday or the fourth Monday or whatever. So that will be, but I'll confirm it. They are yep the south and the north and I believe the 10th are virtual I believe the 13th has just turned virtual tonight, and so I, it's been a little bit of a difficult I will say: it's it'll take some just getting everybody connected. They don't have a website. The community councils. Don't have websites and things like that, and so or they don't list the if they do have voice, but they don't list it on their website that links and stuff, so they go out through newsletters, so we'll have to make sure everybody is on the newsletter. That's why I vera and Katie early on I tried to connect you with the four precincts and the community affairs officers to make sure that you got you guys. That's a quick question, a PSA iv would that would be included in there as well? No I mean I, don't know whether PSA attends something like the tenth or the tenth of the third well I guess it would be the tenth really, but to my knowledge, the PSA does not. It falls under a different yeah to my understanding. I, don't know if PSA actually has a community council or they work through the tenant associations, or something like that. Okay, gotcha I'll, try to find out myself on my own yeah I would assume hectare would assume they work through the tenant association. Just for everybody's information PSA. What Hector is speaking about? Are the officers dedicated to public housing yeah, just fyi, for the fact that they attend freezing? Also it covers our district as well, so yeah I just meant like internal internally right officers, gotcha right, Christine, yeah I, have a question for all of us. Is that as we are asking people to repres, what are we going to ask people to do? Are they going to be representing CB4 on those council I? Think it's important that we establish who is representing CB4 because, as you know, as we have heard, some members of CB4 are attending a whole lot of build of meetings which is not necessarily in their backyard. So it's it's important. We understand that yeah I, think that's a really important question and I think what you know when this proposal was originally made back in the summer. During our original working force meetings, we had talked about the importance of just having somebody having a contact who regularly attends the meetings and can report back to our group about the issues that are being raised at the meetings by the community, but also by the people. You know by the police, at the meetings and so I, don't recall a discussion about like well, we want to be one of the speakers or something not at all. I think it was more about having representation and a a regular representation so and not representation in the sense that we're like we make an announcement every time we're here representing CB4, but more that it's reporting back to this group baron is that correct, yeah I! Just don't understand that myself. Actually it's a very good question, because I attended one of those meetings for precinct, 10 and I wasn't very clear what my rule was: am I representing CB4 or am I just one of the residents of CB4 who happens to be on CB4 board. So you understand, because if I, if I'm representing the board, then I collect number of issues that the board brings to me or the task force brings to me and then can I kind of bring them up. So it's not very clear Jesse. That needs to be clarified. If you're, just going in as listeners, that's a different story than many folks can attend. Those meetings actually does that make sense. Jeffy yeah I mean I defer to all of you. I mean I think you should feel the authority to decide whether you would like to be representing CB4 I mean I. Think as Christine I think it's important a good question that Christine asks. You know I think, obviously, as if we decide on that and I think you should, in my opinion, I think. That's the point of all this. Is that there's a representative saying and you build that's how you build the relationship. You say I'm going to be here every month representing CB4, we want to hear what your needs and issues are, and then we also want to be able to express what we are hearing from the committees and in the public sessions as to what's going on. You know, obviously, at the same time, you are responsible to speak on behalf of the board, meaning that obviously you're not taking a position that the board has not taken. You know in terms of an issue or public, and and and so you know, that's what you'd be doing and so I think. The idea then I think is also is in how you would be reporting back that information not just to the task force, but in terms of if you want to do something you know in terms of a maybe a memo or notes or something to then go out to the rest of the board. So they understand you know that there's we are working on this so and it sounds like it would be helpful if we came up with a like a bullet point description for the people who do offer to be reps like this is what being a rep to a police precinct entails, so that we're all on the same page, yeah I, think that's a great idea and I think you know I mean we have reps that sit on bid boards. You know all the business improvement districts have reps from our boards. You know, construction hydc is another. You know the Javits. We have members on that. So you know it's not uncommon. I think this is a little more unique in the sense that it's a it's much more of a community. You know tactile relationship with you know. Public safety issues and things like that, and so but yeah we you guys, should definitely do that. I. Think to my knowledge, Christina I, look to you and some of the other members who've been on the board before me. I, don't think we've actually ever created some of those guidelines or ideas. So it might be helpful. It would be helpful in general, so one thing that I would mention I know I, think David knows James Wallace. You mentioned this that he asks in the chat you know. Should we consider moving our meeting our this task force meeting date so that there isn't a conflict with the third Tuesday of the month, but I mean Jesse. You can probably speak to us to this better, but it was virtually impossible. Sorry, baron, no I was just about to say. Jesse would be delighted to move this meeting exactly so. Basically, the only you know time. The only fixed evening that was free that didn't have conflicting meetings during the month appeared to either be the third Tuesday of the month. This was the only Tuesday that didn't have conflicting meetings or Jesse also offered us. Basically, the first Thursday of the month, which is the day after the full board meeting, which and I know I. You know, there's other options, but they create process problems for you all right. You know I mean so if we put it the Thursday after the full board is always a free day. Of course, I mean people also then schedule their time around that. So they have that for that free and they're not spending two nights in a row looking at all of us, but you know, but then, if you're vote then so you have to realize then you're voting on something that's not going to come out until the next full board. So that's a month, you know so that's my issue with that and if you do it after exec, then you can't the whole. The way we work is that anything coming out of a working group or task force has to be reviewed by exec. So then you're talking about again another whole month before whatever you voted on, is actually being sent out to the public and expecting a response so I. You know, unfortunately, there's not a lot of wiggle room with the the way the committee structures are now and you know, and the other addition is what we'll have to work around, which we've worked around in with your previous meetings, when you were meeting at 5:30, is that when there is a conflict with another committee, when another committee has a conflict, that's Tuesday is like the only place to place it, and so that's you know what happens with ACES a lot there's a lot of holidays that fall on that that first Monday and then ACES has to be moved and we have to find a place for it. And so you know what about fridays, some of these police meetings- and you know they generally they're over in 15 minutes what yeah they're always confident. They say how wonderful they're doing it's like a propaganda like from like a communist country and then they're over in, like 15 minutes, I showed up once like 10. After because I came from a yoga class, three minutes later the media, okay, it was adjourned yeah, so I was going to ask I mean what time are the meetings scheduled for I know? You said that there are two on the third Tuesday. Are they at six thirty, usually at seven o'clock? Seven, oh right, why don't we assign more two people to each precinct so that they could be rotational? That's a good idea that actually is a good idea. That's a very good idea right, just making it just James. Let me I'm sorry to jump, but this is one of the reason why I've been advocating to try to get our. You know our police station two percent instead of four, it's nearly impossible to organize for four and in my mind this is an administrative thing that could be done. It doesn't cost any money and I. Don't know why you know we wouldn't be pushing for that. You know creating relationship, and some of you know that I mean Tina knows that and some other people know that which are on marginal land. I mean you know, I'm in Midtown south. They are five blocks right and then the 13th that's five blocks that doesn't make any sense. It's an enormous amount of effort for a very small area and we should at the point of time we should take up that discussion. I think this committee should take up that discussion, and this is something which has been on our budget for many very long time, because I, you know just doesn't make any sense. Yeah I've got a question about Dolores Rubin now she's the president I guess of Community council up there Midtown north she took over for Larry Roberts. So would we be duplicating something she's already doing? Or could she be? Our rep I mean? How does she figure into this? No, it's not the same thing, which is on the council she's, not direct, because the Rep is on the other side of the table. Yeah, you don't want to put her and then on. You can't do both in those ones right when you are on the council. You are kind of on the police side, but you know making sure that there is a community process. Yeah, okay, I, follow! Sorry! You had your hand up, yeah I want to go back to what Christina was saying so Christine. If I'm understanding you correctly, are you suggesting that the precinct boundaries be redrawn? Is that basically and that's okay, thank you and obviously there's a lot more to it than that, but I'd love to know more because it sounds reasonable from an administrative standpoint from our perspective. But it makes me wonder: what's the history of those lines, why are they there? So that's definitely you know I mean long time ago there was nobody on the West side right, so those boundaries were probably drawn at the time saying: okay, we do everything and then everything reaches to the west. Is somebody right the tents but then now it's like very busy on the west side and then the boundary doesn't make sense and we don't have to reinvent completely the wheel if we had just two adjustments- and that is one of the recommendations we had said that we were going to explore so we'll get around a little bit later. We need to get back to that because it's one of our it's one of our recommendations as a matter of record and also it relates back to the city charter, which says that police precinct boundaries should be co-terminus with community districts yeah and they simply aren't we're in a gerrymandered situation, and especially when Hector brings up the point about the housing police, we are a heavily gerrymandered police as per policing. One of the things that police has articulated in terms of their obstacle is it's too expensive to conform. The computer software quote-unquote right so I think that we should actually table this particular discussion until later, much bigger discussion, yeah, but just specifically where we are on the agenda at the moment. Talking about having a rep or two I mean frankly, I think that we don't need two reps to the meetings that don't conflict with this right so, for example, the 10th and Midtown south. We don't need two reps I think it's always good to have two reps. This might be a ridiculous idea, but how about communicating with the police to change that date? Yeah! That's kind of ridiculous right! I mean if, if this meeting went back to a 5:30 me time on the third Tuesday, then it wouldn't be a conflict. Just saying that's, fair, very good point: yeah, that's a very good point! All right! So then I ask the following question: 5:30 Tuesday won't work for me. It'll work for the December through December, but come January. I won't be able to do that. Let me know how about six o'clock, how about five o'clock before we start throwing times out I just want to address something that you know. Jesse did a really good job of explaining our meeting night in relation to like important meeting nights for the community board, which are the full board and exec. However, I guess my question to the group would be: how important is it that we have timely information from these precinct meetings so that we can comment on it in our meeting? If we move our meeting before that meeting, then we won't be able to comment on the results of the precinct meetings as a group for 30 days. So you know now the flip side of thinking about that is. We can discuss things that we have questions to ask of those people and then implement them. So I'm just pointing out that there's you know pluses and minuses to both sides I, if I may, for having attended a ton of those you're not going to have any results from those meetings, you're going to be talking and hopefully they're going to be listening and then what we could do is, after the meeting we could decide, this group could decide that they want to write a letter because we are not sure they have been listening right. Then they are going to tell you as what they do wonderfully and you are not going to have a lot of answers. Well, just to reiterate again the question becomes: do we want to wait 30 days to comment on what we're hearing from those meetings and Christine? You said: you've attended these meetings. Do you think it's not that important, no I think it's tremendously important, but but from a timing perspective, do you think it would be from a timing perspective? I, don't think this is that important I mean yeah, okay, yeah, I, agree, Alan, I! Think the important thing about the meetings is not so much what you hear from the precinct people, but what you hear from the people that attend these meetings so depending on what's happening in the streets at the time, depending on, what's going on amongst different neighborhoods? Is you get a better sense? It's almost as if people are coming to our general meetings at the public sessions, you get a deeper sense of sometimes the frustrations of the residents in the neighborhoods rather than just hearing. Oh the 10 percent went down. This went up that went down we're doing this, we're doing that we're putting more people in this corner. So the important thing is to get the feedback from the people and I think what happens if it's announced that someone from CB4 is at the meetings you might get more people to come in. You might get more people to speak up because they want the community board to hear what they're saying also- or they may be a little bit more open about speaking about some of the things that are bothering them. That's a good point: yeah Leslie yeah I used to attend the Midtown north meetings for my tenant association and basically, what Alan says is absolutely correct. It's really more important to hear what the people are saying rather than the police, because it's like a tape recorder. You hear the same thing from the police each time. It's the people's comments that are really important. Yeah yep, that's a good point. I will say: oh Josephine, sorry, so the 10 I think it's. The 13th precinct is mostly community board five. Is it Jesse it's kind of that one block and then it's all over yeah? So how does that affect I mean if somebody takes that on then for me, for instance, that happens to be my precinct that I'm reporting back as Leslie and Alan have already stated what what's happening in that area, but that's not necessarily CB4 yeah. It means more than one block but yeah. No, it's the 13th printing is the prison that has the least of cover overlap with us. I will say. Currently, there are plenty of things that we are hearing about between sixth and seventh Avenue and the Twi and the West twenties in terms of narcotics, use and homelessness and quality of life issues, and things like that. So I, I'm sure, you'll hear about it, but yeah it. It's. You know predominantly you're going to see that you and you'll still be similar issues with with the other with Midtown. North is an enormous precinct too, and you know so. They'll certainly be things. I do agree with Alan's point that it's really about hearing from the community and hearing what their and I also think it's a point of being able to. Let have the community know about not just giving board for, but the task force, and so there might be issues that are they're, not that folks come to the precinct and realize that that's probably maybe not the most effective use of their voice and they can come to the task force just because I know, everybody's speaking and a lot of ideas. I just want to make go back to the fact that you guys have a good number of attendees in this section. I just want to make sure the attendees know that if obviously, if they would like to speak, they at some point will be able to you Katie and beer, and you guys can manage that and to do that. You just need to raise your virtual hand and that's in the participants section of the when you type when you tap on participant section. So here's an update on the 13th precinct by the way Leslie just got out of the 13th first zoom meeting it's over and now she's carrying on to the Midtown north meeting. So that's how quick it was 15 minutes. She said that took a lot of cajoling by the you know: Chelsea block associations to make get them to go to virtual. So I'm not surprised how short it is, but I'm so I would suspect it to be longer later, but also I mean if we assume that we're leaving our timing the same starting at 6:30 and that this will conflict with two of the police precincts. But you know we're go on zoom for a while somebody could be with us for half an hour, leave for 20 minutes and then come back again or something so I think. Maybe that's what we're looking for right, I! Think Tina did you just have your hand up or somebody no okay, I did I had my hand just quickly. I mean part of the solution. You mentioned the solution, which is great also, but in other solutions, since the meetings are on zoom they're recorded, so we can get the recordings and listen to. If someone in the community has said something we can then watch that recording and do not record it David what I don't believe they're recorded if it's public, wouldn't they have to be like we're recorded, I'm confused all right, I guess that idea that doesn't us watching it later doesn't allow the community to know that we're there and yes well, we can't have everything. I'm just saying you know if you're talking about conflict with the meetings we want to hear, if there's a particular cons, concern rising out of the community at least we'll catch. That yeah I mean, but if they're not recorded, it's a moot point yeah. So are we doing Iran going around and taking names right now? Yes, that's what we're hoping to do? Okay, so again, so we have four. The 10th meets on the last wednesday of each month. So I guess that's typically the fourth Wednesday of the month. I'm sorry did you just mention Katie. Did you just mention Midtown, south okay? Not yet so 10th is the fourth Wednesday and then I'm just letting you all know and then we'll I'm going to go through them and then we'll come back and see. If there are any volunteers, the 13th is the third Tuesday, as we talked about yeah Midtown south is the third Thursday. So that would be like this week at seven and Midtown north is, as we said, the third Tuesday at seven and as we mentioned, one of our current board members is on is on the panel at Midtown. North Katie. Excuse me, for the sake of for the sake of expediting, we have a lot of agenda items and we're still on the first one we're almost an hour in. Do you think we could coordinate for volunteers for these meetings via email sure so that we can I think we will probably do a doodle poll or something of that marvelous people? It's been hard James to get people to sign up on things yeah, which is one of the reasons why we thought we would do it live. But let's see, okay, a that's a fair point! Yeah! If you look at one of the agenda items we actually are going to ask. People to sign up today live for many of the recommendations, actually yeah ready to do Midtown's house. If we have a second one doing it also I, don't want to do it every month. Okay, so if we yeah I can step up for a little precinct. So who is that Hector and I would do north? This is Leslie Wesley. You said you would do north yeah. Somebody just said they would share with Hector yeah. Okay, got it I, don't know for myself, but I guess I need to be here. Yes, is there anybody Josephine you'd mentioned you live in the 13th I can do 13. Okay I would be willing to do Midtown north. Unless somebody already said that you can oh South Maria, you could do it with Leslie. You could be the second person yeah. Okay, the other thing is I should just share, because housing, health and human services meets on the third Thursday of each month. I have spoken to I, have spoken to John Mudd, who leads the Midtown south meetings, and this was something that was previously discussed one or two months ago- he's actually going to be changing the dates of his meeting so that it doesn't conflict with the housing, health and human services meeting and this month so meaning this coming. Thursday will be the last time he has a meeting on that day. The new date, I'm not sure what it is, but I thought I should give you guys a heads up. Oh interesting. Hopefully they don't choose the third Tuesday of the month. I'm going to yeah I'm going to I'll talk with him about that, because we're supposed to have a conversation, I, don't think he'd be qualified, but Maria. That's also lovely. To hear that you know they are willing to change yeah because I think it's important for John. If you know what John Mudd does in the community, he has a meeting every month and really I think he should be attending the housing, health and Human services meeting. So him and I were talking about that good. Okay, my volunteering depends on the new date. Yes right and then you also said you want a second person, so we'll try and find out the new date and we're also going to send around an email getting other people, but that was great. That was fast and we got lots of at least one volunteer per precinct. Well done: team I, just wanna, I'm going to go unless there's anything else. Folks, no! That's pretty much here. The highlight there's two Q&A points that folks are from. That might be one that you guys want to check out. If they're still here, we can bring that you guys. Can bring them over to speak, but they have it, I'm sorry from where yeah from the courts and object reset yeah and then the other one is from Midtown community court. So, okay, I'm sorry, Katie I just need to jump in again, so I was actually for housing, health and human services. For those of you who don't know, I am co-chair of housing, health and human services. I actually was going to have Midtown community court come and speak at our committee, probably next month or the month after. So I'm wondering if actually it would be more appropriate for them to come to this to group and speak and the person. And if you look in the chat or the Q&A, you can see Lauren she's the person that I've been communicating with and if you'd like I can link you guys in an email with her yeah that would be great I still Jesse was going to say something nope, that's it I still think they should come to your committee, but I'm sure they'll be happy to come to both, but okay, all right. Okay! Is that okay say it again, it's going to make Veran host unless you want to make you yeah I, don't know, Veren is much better at it than I. Am all right. Good night, everybody thanks for all the work you're doing on this is great work. Jesse before you go. How do I bring somebody over from participant to so once you become attendee, you can, when you click on attendee list you'll be able to when you click on their name. You'll, the drop down will add. You'll have the ability to make somebody bring them over to panelists got it. You can also do it by just allowing them to speak. It gives them the ability to speak. So sounds good, yeah, okay, cool all right! Thank you all right and Veren. Can you want to go ahead and put our agenda on the screen? Would that be helpful? Do you think I think so? Okay, lovely exactly so. As many of you know, we talked about this for a couple different months, but we actually never got around to it. So we're hoping we can get around to it right now, and that is looking back at the task force recommendations that were approved by the full board meeting in July and to make sure that we have somebody looking into it and and following up on it and able to make you know further detailed recommendations. So can you scroll down there a little bit baron so what we want to do we've? These are the recommendations that were approved and we're we've shortened them a bit to make it a little bit easier to go through and again some of you may have put your names by this a month or two ago. If you want to change, that's fine, if you want to add your name next to something awesome. So why don't we just start? Does that sound, fair, so Maria I will let you know that I reached out today, the person you had recommended for the first one, the anti-racism training, and so I'm hoping that we will that I'll we'll have a conversation with her and that she might be able to give us some ideas about how we could do some unconscious bias, training for anti-racism training again, it would always be voluntary, but to see what her recommendations are about, setting something up for the board. Daddy, quick question: apologies, I, don't know this, but it's my first meeting on the task force. Do we have a budget for those trainings, or are we hoping to find someone to do it on a voluntary basis? Well, what Lowell told us is that there might be some money available, but obviously you know if we can get it on a voluntary basis that would be best so anyway. What we're trying to do right now is to just scope out what's available and what, if any of the price might be, and then we would take it back, obviously to the executive board to find out about funding and stuff. Okay, if the leader we have doesn't pan out, there are multiple people. I can contact to do this work. Most of them I think would be expecting compensation, but I do know a number of people who do anti-racial racism, training, marvelous, okay, great kid, thank you and just to let you know kit, so the person that we are that I've reached out to is Tanya Odom, who used to actually be a CB4 member, and who does this training professionally? I'm happy. You know that was going to be my suggestion. Well, there you go yeah, it was Maria who had suggested it originally just a quick question: does everyone have access to this document the? What are we looking at because it will be hard for you to see all of them in one place? Well, we can probably just go through it pretty quickly. Right, okay, I, don't know so the next one is. We talked about doing some outreach campaign to try and invite more people of color to become public members or to apply to become CB4 members and Tina. You had signed up for this one and I. Think Leslie as well. Is that something you guys are still willing and interested in taking on? Yes, bravo, okay and I! Guess what, by the way before we actually go in too much in depth? What would be super helpful I think so that we have some timeline. Is that if each of us, whatever we've signed up for this month, if we can give like a three minute, doesn't have to be super long, read out next month about where we are any progress? If we're narrowing it down that thing just to get input and feedback from the rest of our task force, that's unfair! Just so you know what you're signing up for it's the two or three minute readout, so the next one was to collaborate on forums and events with community-based organizations that work with constituencies of color in our district. Anyone want to start to think this one through yeah. I've already done some outreach to the chief programming officer at the shed and I think she might even she might be wind up appearing speaking at the meeting next month. So in some ways this is underway, yep, yeah and I think there may be another one, a little bit lower down. That's also about that deal, but we can I mean you can combine the two but great right there. Jesse has offered to help with you know. If we need to go through him, he's happy to help us do that. If we identify an organization and if we can't approach them directly, he will find a way of doing that. For us sure, yep next up is collaborate on initiatives with other community boards that have large black and brown constituencies and in some ways we did. We've started this a little bit. You know with the our invitation last month to Community Board 10. Was it 10:11 10? So, but if there's some somebody who wants to take this on I mean we could also get some more feedback, probably or help with from Jesse about which community might be good ones to reach out to anyone on the call I should ready to volunteer right now. It's not me, I have a question. Do and I apologize. I wasn't at the meeting where these were discussed in detail, but what exactly is meant by initiatives? What are we thinking like? What was the conversation I missed that well, so my recollection from a couple months ago is what we had talked about was that we wanted to not. You know that Lowell. Let us know that there were other community boards who are also thinking about these kinds of similar issues right about unconscious bias and racism and police accountability in their community boards, and we wanted to have a person from our community board who could just help identify what other community boards may be working on this thing and how we might be able to work together right and, for example, what we heard last month from Community Board 10, is that they're interested in this art exhibit honoring the exonerated five, but what they had heard from Gail Brewer's office is that Gil Brewer's office wants to hear that. It's not just one community board interested in this that they want to hear that there's more involvement of other community boards, and so is anyone else on community board. 4 discussing I know. We had that letter of support for the concept that was voted on favorably by the full board. Has there been any further conversation? Is there anyone from community Board, 4 who's engaged in conversations should I be happy to you know to chat with someone about that. You mean to be like the contact person from community board for about that issue. Yes, deal you'd, raise your hand. Well James. If you remember part of the part of the part of what we tried to outline in the letter, endorsing Cp10's action was to engage our district in the kind of educational or advocacy component, and the person who I talked to at the shed Tamara is very interested in this and she's going to address us next month, presumably yeah. So, for instance, you know that there is that inroad that's been opened with one of our some an organization in our district, engaging directly with the CB10 initiative right. Okay, well, I'll tell you what I'm happy to be your wingman or your. You know your alternate and also dovetail that with the number four initiative here and then that will allow me to be aware of that and then see if there's other community boards doing stuff, if that's cool with you absolutely and if there are other organizations that you can identify and reach out to that, are interested in engaging in the advocacy and education component of that initiative. That would be great I. Believe CB5 also has similar initiatives that we heard about when, first time we started our, we call the working group. So when we initiated the working group, they had something similar and they put out letters on their website. I, don't know if anything formalized beyond that point, but that would be one thing to find out. Cb5 is right, next doors, great lovely! Can we go down to the next page, baron on the screen? Well, boy number: five, as you can see, was to review our own bylaws with a racial social justice, Lens and Varen, and I have both said that we're willing to take that one on if anybody else wants to join us feel free. But there are lots of other recommendations to look at number. Six was to recommend that all let's go back to fog. Sure I spent a lot of time on the bibles. Oh great, so so you'd be a good one to join in with us awesome. Yes, great thanks Mike, we will add your name there and then number six is recommend that all CB4 committees have two co-chairs for a diversity of views, so I guess what what's really required here is to have somebody you know come up with a list of who the chairs or co-chairs are and then come up with the recommendation for I guess a motion for the executive committee is that how it would work yeah this one is a tricky one. Isn't it because this is basically you know, we made a recommendation that has been a known response from the board, so it's actually for the board to respond more than anything for us to coordinate. Isn't it yeah and I. Asked I specifically asked Lowell at the last exact meeting like? Is there a timeline for the board to act upon the recommendations of this task force that were approved and he said there is no timeline and there is no projected timeline. So do you think it would be helpful if we made like a if the task force made a specific proposal about this? Like five, you know pick a month by March? Well, the me I mean I make a comment on that is this is the privilege of the board chair, yeah, to name you know, chairs of committee, I think it is a discussion of Viren and Katie with Lowell, okay, yes, yeah I! Think what's happening in that? Are you going to do it? Are you not going to do it? How are you going to do it etc? And you know it's not like the whole task force going on. It's just the two guys said it was raised again at this meeting. You want to have a you know: take a checkpoint, okay, yep, then I think yep vera and I can definitely do that. Thanks for that recommendation, Christine, okay with another question that I should apologize for having to ask no worries committees. Do we have that? Don't have two co-chairs, there is one there is only there is one, and only one committee that has one and only one chair, oh I, didn't feel myself we'll follow up on that I, don't know exactly what the reasons for that are, but probably not the right forum to have that conversation here. I think it's probably the facto co-chair on that committee, but maybe not Michael I, didn't hear you I, say I, think I always view the committees having a de facto co-chair. You know my, which may well be part of the problem yeah. Well indeed, so do you resolve it now or don't you right, yeah I know: you're lost Right Katy, all right, that's what happens to the new person they get a little lost, sometimes, but, okay, all right, I'll catch up! Okay, Justin just wrote something in the chat, rose and I are on workforce skills and internship development for youth, not engaging with police, athletic league. Okay, I think because we had so part of the issue is that when we were some of our recommendations were like multi-layered and I. Think Josephine has just been clear about which one she signed up for and then I guess we just wrote her name down by the wrong one. That's all yeah I think PA I was with Hector is Mo yeah. Basically, I'm going to be having a meeting with the Midtown south view. Coordination officers tomorrow, so I'll discuss with them in depth a little bit more and I'm also trying to get more involvement with the police athletically from the tenth precinct, and you know abroad, on top of some other programs, hopefully lovely and actually Varen I think all we do is number eight. We just take off rose and Josephine's name and then they're on number, nine I. Think that's right! That's all! So we don't have to change anything else. No, let's go back to our order so that we don't no but she's working on youth as well yeah they're right down below they're already there yeah. So thank you for that clarification. Josephine! Let's see, let me go back up to okay, so under number seven we talked about Asa well, so we talked about the fact that one of the recommendations was that each CB4 committee expand its commitment to actively hold on I, actually have to shrink this. So I can read it. Where was I to actively enhance racial justice, so we had suggested ACES would identify and partner with community organizations focused on opportunities for black and brown artists, so Alan I know your name. Is there and then Dale I guess this is one I was also thinking like when the shed comes to talk to us. It would fall here as well: transportation, Planning, Christine and Baron. You guys. Are there reviewing Cb4's, affordable housing policies? Baron your name? Is there I, don't know? If there's anybody else who wants to add their names? You can just call out if you'd like and then the last one under this is land use committees. The thought was to maybe require developers to outline their comprehensive mwbe commitments and vendors across all areas of the proposed real estate development projects, who is on the land, use committees? Anybody on this commit on this desk. For us, I'm on Clinton, hell's, Kitchen and James is on James and I, both serve unclean and so Mike and Hector and Dale and Veron. Can we put all four of your names here to follow up on this a little bit? Yes, and my name too, I'm on housekeeping okay, yeah, there's yeah, so there's two land use committees and we have representation on both a just a quick question. Could somebody refresh me as to what you guys are looking for in the land use from the land use committee here I mean you require developers to outline. You know their comprehensive development projects, but this is actually a pretty narrow, ass hector, which is that sometimes developers will say, like oh yeah, we're going to meet the minority and women-owned business enterprise requirement for a specific component of a job, but it doesn't expand to the full. You know scope of the job. It's like they click a box, that's required of them by this by the city, but they're, not actually being you know, comprehensive in seeking to engage higher pay money to minority and women-owned business enterprises. So does anybody have any idea? What kind of you know what we're keying into here, though, because I mean, what's that self-an alarm that they're, just you know, going by the motions and checking off a box like you said, as opposed to really yeah Hector, actually just to give you an example anytime that the city funded project they're required to have 30 say, for example, of Mwbe participation, so they the contractors themselves could be Mwb or they had to hire the subcontractors they could be Mwbe. So the way, typically, this is playing out in the city like that. I can tell you, because I've worked on city projects is if there is a big outfit that actually does not qualify as Mwbe, they basically outsource it and they identify other entities and hire them indirectly to make up the requirement for the you know, to satisfy the requirement so to speak, and what Dell is saying. Others are saying that more often than not, you never see those people actually benefiting from it directly. There's there are some weird deals being made, and so the question is about the oversight and question is that you know any approvals that goes through Clu or House Kitchen Land Use committee. We should always bring that point up and inquired or required of them to submit what their plan is. Okay, I got enough I, you have a question in the Q&A from a person who wants to be involved in item five. So I just wanted to point that out and wonder when you are going to take input from the you know from the public if the public wants to help on any of those. Oh you're in you are mute right. Baron you're still on mute, okay, who is this person christian icon, Travis Rogers in the Q&A? Oh in the Q&A? Okay, I'm sorry, I'm looking forward. It's like in multiple places, yeah! So it's interesting when we first started working on these recommendations. Obviously we weren't even a public group at that point right and so I guess we hadn't thought about having people from the public working I. Think that's good, right, yeah I think it probably would be I'm just wondering like yeah I mean I, guess I'm wondering how we do it in a way like do we come up with the initial stuff? Just if that person tells you I want to work on it, you are going to get an email and you are sending it to the email of the people who are working on. It are working on it and let them sort it out. I. Think if he volunteers to be part of this conversation, absolutely I, think all right. So then you will be on the email, blaster, all subsequent meetings you will attend and maybe we can provide our email addresses in case you have any comments that you want to write directly to us. Could you scroll up to number five just so we can? Thank you. That's what I was going to ask five. Is the bylaws? Oh, because he's a lawyer, that's what he's saying? Okay, maybe you want to bring him over and talk to him actually again tonight, we're not about talking about any of these in detail. We're just trying to get people find out no I understand, but this person makes a suggestion. Maybe you want to bring him over to contribute? I, don't know yeah, but we will definitely add his name right now and and then we will be communicating yeah exactly that sounds perfect. Thank you, Travis I know Travis. Oh my comment on number, seven uh-huh so and I know these have already been approved. I'm sorry if this causes any difficulty, but it says recommend that each CB4 committee expand its commitment to actively enhance racial justice. We have other taskers task forces and working groups so and the one that comes to my mind is the balanced business task force which we're talking about racial justice. I mean economic justice is certainly part of that. But it's not a standing committee. So I don't know yeah I, don't know. If that could be. You know modified and expanded recommend that each Cd4 committee and task force and Working group yeah under is that under the purview of a committee James, that's that working group, no, it's a it's a you know like, for instance, we're a working group right, I mean obviously we're actively enhancing racial justice or we're trying, but the other task force and working groups. Let me just open it up on the CB4 website. Well, we're a task force under the purview of exec technically but James. The way you do it is that you bring that back to that task, force to the working group and tell them look. We need to incorporate that in or that we yeah or that we request that they do so right, but James being a member of both can say, look I, I'm really interested in bringing it in right. Well, I, agree: Christina! I'm just saying that the way the recognition works, yeah I, don't think it was intentional yeah and I'm not suggesting it was no. What I'm saying is that it was just the way it was there's no reason not to include right. So if we look at task forces and working groups, there's the budget task force, the balanced business task force, social Racial, Justice, Task force and the port authority, bus terminal working group. So there's three on there that you know certainly could address. You know beyond us, racial equality issues and that's a very good point, because I never thought about that. The port authority, when they're coming to present their solutions, we're going to ask okay, how much mbwe you are going to use to build that thing right, yeah, that's true, yeah, that's helpful! And now obviously we can't change what was voted on by all of the board in July. But what we can do is to you know, ask the other task forces you know to to think about this commitment. Just like we have it for our committees. So Veren, can you scroll down a little bit there? Yeah I can only one thing: I'm going to add about item number d when it is city funded projects, pretty much city takes care of it in the sense that they make sure that actually does happen. But when we have private developers coming and speaking to us for approvals, we don't have the mechanism to insist on it. So you know that's where the it becomes trickier. We can request, we can. We can not require or we can influence. Yes great. Yes, let's see so where were we Katie? I'm sorry can I just jump in. Can you add me to 7c sorry who was the person I could I couldn't see? That was Maria? Oh, what are you? Okay, Maria was being asked to no not there above in item c. Sorry, yeah I, don't feel okay yeah with you lovely great I, think we had made it down to number nine when this is connecting work. Workforce development organizations with community groups hold on so I can read all my words here and businesses to offer skills, development and employment opportunities for black and brown youth. This is the one that Josephine and rose have signed up for and if there's anybody else who wants to jump on there, awesome number 11 recommend the creation of the CB4 NYCHA working group, which actually has already been created. So I guess we can check that one off could I contribute to the effort with the workforce, development piece lovely. We will add your name. There awesome Josephine rose and kit. Lovely Google has come to a number of ACES meetings over the years to talk about the different workshops and trainings they provide. Oh great. I've also been in conversation with the folks at little island they're, trying to put together a coalition of neighborhood organizations to work on workforce development. It's on pause because of the pandemic, but I think yep. We have calls into all of them kit just to let you know we're trying to set up a google call right now and actually Senator Hoyleman's office has been very helpful. There they've reached out to Amazon and Facebook on behalf of our working group and waiting to hear back on that little island. I've already had initial conversations with them. I won't get into too much detail, but they are all they own. Their internships only offer to college students, so they may be amenable to doing. You know high school kids, but that you know it's another conversation, but just to let you know, we've already reached out to several groups, so I'll update you on all of that great number 10 partner with local organizations just to support access to capital for businesses that are black and latinx owned, I believe that was one that Dolores had indicated looking into, but I guess we'll double check with her I know she can't be here tonight and if there's anybody else, he wants to jump on there. So I'm going to remove this nice working group, because this within CB4 yeah I'd like to be involved in that number 10 great okay, again say the name because I was talking at the same time. So I'm sorry was it James, yes, okay, but I think the NYCHA part was different from the working group. Wasn't it from my point of view? It was because what the other one is looking at Nigel's plans for future, whatever they need to do, but I think there were some other social integration issues that that's what I thought this was supposed to be about yeah. As a being a part of the NYCHA working group, I can tell you I mean we're basically focusing on possible conversions of Pac and Rad. It's going to be coming so they're kind of focused on that and protecting the rights of the residents and planning you know putting safeguards in place. So you know we won't lose our homes, that's so to speak and I. Think 11 was more of you know an ongoing relationship to look at any of the problems of nature which are not coming to the surface and I think that was more of an ongoing regular. You know meeting that's what I took this work group that you folks wanted to form here, that it would encompass a more broad stroke, so to speak, to cover more things than just specifically for the conversion, which I think is a great idea. So obviously you know I, don't know if you're asking are you asking for volunteers for that one too? Well, this is certainly a super helpful conversation to be hearing because I guess I wondered if it was duplicating something that already exists, but it sounds like you guys are saying it's not duplicating. No, it is not. No, it doesn't happen. It's not one is about a transaction. You know a real estate transaction and the other one is about. You know life yeah in general, actually and yeah quality of life. The youth there's a whole bunch of things right with mine, and you know nightshare the multiheaded monster. You know that it's not just one thing. Money is the biggest problem, but people still live there as a community, their wife not being heard beyond this transaction. That's yeah, that's what it was right, yeah and just even fyi if we are able to complete our proposals by the end of this year or the beginning of next and we're talking about three to five years out before all this is said and done and completed, you know so there's a lot of help and assistance we could offer in the meanwhile. You know guys I'm feeling lonely out there so join me. Somebody yeah I, think Hector said he would right. Hector yeah sure why not I'm already involved so anybody else Mariah, don't you want to be on that I did think about it. Maria and Christine, both I'm just afraid, I mean you know, I'm too much on my plate, but I have too many things too I mean I would say yes, but this work yeah, I'm interested in it just depends on. Can we put my name tentatively there and it just depends on the commitment or what's needed, yeah. Okay, that's what I was going to say just because one puts their name on an item doesn't mean that you can not invite others to help you out, because this is the task force. It's not and then may I point out that Katie is typing but she's not putting her name. No, it's actually here and typing. If I might make a recommendation about that to avoid confusion, you know with the CB4 NYCHA working group. We may want to rename it to something else, a little bit more quality of life group. Why don't you call that the quality of life group or yeah, NYCHA, quality of life or I, don't know something yeah, something like that: yeah I, guess tentatively, we leave it at that until we figure something better, but speaking of being a little over committed. I am so sorry to say that I'm actually hosting another meeting starting right now, so I actually have to get off of this one. So Veren I'm turning it over to you right now and I apologize and by the way, if I notice that my name mysteriously ends up on all the rest of these I'll know what happened after I left this meeting all right and then so just I know. Our very last item is talking about the agenda. We already know some of the speakers we want, but then, of course, if anybody has anything to end to the agenda for next month, you know, let's not forget, to write it down tonight. Okay, all right! So with that I apologize and I leave you all good night, Thanksgiving good I think we did it and there and just to be clear. What time is this meeting supposed to be over? It's actually supposed to be over by 8:30 to us? That's what we thought, but let's try and get as much. Let's finish this part, this is the most critical part. All right. Can we just go back to that last recommendation. Please the quality of life group? Yes, so what? Because just I don't know if you all were aware I know some of the people who've been on the board for a while know this, but ACES used to be called quality of life. So I'm just wondering what is the quality of life group and how is it different from the existence? The idea was that, instead of if the NYCHA residents want to have problem resolved instead of them coming to every of our meetings, there would be one meeting once a month or once every two months where you know they could come on their location or whatever, and they would have a meeting and they could bring everything you know just so that you can engage better, and this is what CB7 does so that would be a duplicate. I mean a replication of what CB7 is doing so that there is more of an engagement and more of an integration between NYCHA residents and the community board. I have two questions, one: how effective has it been for CB7 by effective I mean you know? What have they accomplished? What is it, how does it work and then two could we replicate? Assuming it's been successful? Could we replicate it here? Does it apply here and I? Don't think we need to answer those questions tonight? No, that's a good question! Yeah! It's part of your outreach for the for other community boards, maybe yeah it's taken up right, but you could bring that back to us. I think we can change the name from quality of life to NYCHA engagement that was sneaky man. Learning from you, James go ahead, put my name down okay, and if you want to change the name from quality of life, we can change it to NYCHA engagement, I, think that might be a little less confusing yeah I. Think that sounds better today or even ombudsman, or something that's a commonly used term. But engagement is fine. I think you're right ombudsman's a little too weird yeah Amber Smith. You have to spend an entire meeting explaining it to other folks. Okay, so that's done so well. The numbering. Don't look at it right now, because word is not fixing that 10 was the lowest. So you can add that okay, this one yeah we took care of number 11, also Christine and Dale. Anybody else. I recommend that police presence be co-terminus. Well, there's not much to do except cinderella, and then you know Lobby Corey, Johnson Christine. Let me ask you this question. Has this already? Has this not been done already haven't seen? No, we have never sent a letter. We have really only put it on our budget. So is that a letter that goes from the board Full board yeah? It could be, it could very well, I'm sorry go ahead. You you're, muted. You are muted. Now, I'm so sorry, okay, sorry, it could be a letter that we that this this task force writes and is considered by exec and we've draft. We have enough. We Christina I can draft this letter tomorrow because there's enough content for it already yeah, okay, so we'll bring it to December's meeting well. The only thing we could do is that they are going to say it's impossible because of this, because of that it would be helpful to understand. What's involved, maybe what's involved Christine, that's what I'm proposing. Let's do a discussion on it next meeting. It would be interesting to know if there is somebody I think there are some percent which have been changed recently and that would be really interesting to find out whether you know what was their process. You know, so we get a little smarter and we avoid pitfalls. Yeah I have a question. Maybe for I don't know, maybe for Hector or I, don't know. Who else can answer? Are there Ta meetings at Fulltank or Chelsea or Harborview already Folkson has had one already outside Elliot Chelsea has not had any, unfortunately, so and I, don't think we're going to have any more because the weather's just getting really bad so I think that's it for the year unless they get some zoom technology together, which we haven't been able to pull off yet so we don't have the funding or the expertise for it. Unfortunately, on the board, so you're saying Fulton has meetings already had one but I, don't know if they're going to have any more for the rest of the year because of the weather, because it has to be outdoors obviously and Lhl. There are no plans right now, but unfortunately, I kind of got voted down so asking that I'm asking that considering 13 14 and 15 and I know that NCOS also host meetings in the areas that they cover. So I'm just kind of wondering how those fit in the NCO meetings are usually every remember correctly or I may be misquoting I, believe it every couple of months after yeah every three months or so, and we haven't had one for a little while so because of everything. Unfortunately, Eric very can I make a recommendation. Yeah you've got a lot of separate issues, a lot of separate ideas about precincts and tenants, perhaps make it. Why combine them all under the auspices of the reps for those precincts? Okay? So you don't have that. So this way it's a continuation, so you don't have different people doing different things with the police precincts and the tenants. So we can organize this. The whole issue around precincts, tenants, community groups and address all of these issues all together right. That's why actually I highlighted this right now, I think 13, 14 and 15 definitely need to condense into one 16. You can throw 16 in there also yes, 16 also, and then we can try and see how it feels well right and 18. and you're right. Okay, 18 is more training right, yeah, I, think 18. You should pull out that's more department-wide and in fact, I did recently attend a meeting that is was organized by NYPD on the question of reform and I have some feedback from them that I just got tonight that I can share with Viren and Katie, and then we can discuss it at large. As a group. Next month, Dale I realize I'm late to the party, but I'd be eager to help out with 18 and 19. If you yeah, absolutely yeah well, like I'll just say yeah, so NYPD actually organized a series of meetings around the topic of reform all over the city. They had virtual meetings all over the city like organized by district and I attended. One of these and yeah I'll basically provide my report to the committee on that, and then we can take it up next month, as business I literally just got the reply back from them. Addressing my concerns tonight. So Dell can I, suggest 18 and 19 be lumped into one. Yes, okay, good and kid I'll send you what they sent me back tonight. Just so you can get a start on it. Okay, bill can I. Ask you a question about that. Yeah was this worth joining hold on a second dale? Was it part of the same series where they rolled out that discipline matrix that was going to be part of it was actually what the NYPD built as a listening session in which they actually did very little? Listening about reform measures, they asked participants to discuss like to bring up topics to bring up on the concept of reform police reform all right, but in any event, that particular series where the matrix was first revealed to the public. The person who was in charge of that at one police, plaza I, don't know if he's a deputy commissioner inspector or whatever he is, but that person there who did that is the most I, think knowledgeable of anything having to do with a facial recognition. Software, for example, he seems amenable to talking to the public yeah and seems like a decent guy. So I can go back and try to find his name. That's what I was saying: Michael, that's what I was saying in the beginning to Jesse. If you can find out who that person was well Jesse said he was going to reach out to Bp's office, because I think Borough president's office was involved with organizing that event. Oh, was that where I saw it okay, that was part of indeed okay. Well, it's him I think his name is Dolan. I forget his name. Yeah I was the one who asked that question Michael got it I. You know my feeling is that 18 and 19 are not the same thing. Really. Transparency and accountability is about responding and publishing numbers and publishing things right and then the other one is training and the way they do their jobs. So I would be inclined to separate those two things. We could go after that in two different ways. The second thing I want to say is that we have way too much to do and we should take that whole list and make a priority list and it's very hard, but you can put it send it in a you know, in a very quick survey and everybody could say one two, three four five I just think this is a lot I. Think the next task is going to be condensing this list, removing redundancies and then we'll create a shorter list. Definitely yeah it's just too much. It is no. This was just actually we did condense it from the previous list, which is much longer. So if you see that they they're actually 29 items right and we actually can condense them to 19. so there'll be a second iteration and I. Think one of the things yeah I think your suggestion is good. Let's do a little survey on this yeah because it's I think all of us are already part of two committees right and sometimes the executive committee. So you think about that. This is a lot so Dale. Can you explain to me exactly I mean what would we do for number 18 for example? What do we do? That's a recommendation that we made and it has to be communicated to NYPD right I- would say that since the NYPD has recently opened up this channel towards public engagement and asking for you know asking for input on reform, we can make this a part of the ask. Okay, I mean I, didn't really discuss de-escalation techniques or implicit bias, but I mean I did, but not specifically, as line items. I discussed my experience in as a community board member. You know seeing bias in the police department how they interact with our you know our neighbors and also like specifically about the Derek Ingram situation, because that was front of mind and it was you know, and so, but there is a channel open with this NYPD reform group. So I would you know kit and I could just bring these matters to them as they go forward. Assuming they're going to go forward, I mean one part of me suspects that this is like a pr whitewashing of the issue, but the channel is open at least yeah you're right, I think there's one piece that came out of the papers: I, don't know if you guys saw it, I'm going to look for it and email it to all of you, and that is for mental health. Related nine-month calls they actually are going to dispatch the professionals rather than the police yeah. So that's one positive. That has definitely come out of that entire convoy. Dale, if you don't mind me adding to number 18 somewhere I, don't know how this would fit in, but the pursuit of police officer is using non-lethal weaponry instead of the lethal weaponry in certain situations and the training that goes with it. I mean, what's being done about that I mean it's out there, it's being used in certain states, but there's no standard, you know so to speak, and why is it more widely used if, if they are using it already, I mean they're using tasers I think that would definitely come under de-escalation, but absolutely it's important. It's an important point to focus on Dale this meeting that you attended, I, believe that was required by the governor. So it wasn't done solely by the police. I think the governor said all of the departments had to do that across the state. Yeah I believe that's right, I believe no. This was not done by the police willingly exactly yeah I, don't think they're ever going to willingly. You know undertake a reform initiative on their own, but yes, you're, right, I. Think one of the things we can do with those things is that when there is the oversight meeting that at the council that we have heard about at the beginning, we can take all these little different pieces and you know, ask question and say how come you're not doing that and we don't see it and we don't have the numbers etc. So we can use that as a canvas right and going back to the oversight, meeting, I think they're. Just talking about internal conversation within City Council and the city administration, we haven't heard about the actual commission being created, yet no what they say on oversight. What they do is they convene a council committee and they invite the police to talk, and then they invite the the public to ask questions right. Are we opening this to the public before we end? The meeting I mean I. Think if that's, we have two more items today very soon. Yes, I think we should do that. We just have a couple of quick items that we need to go through oops, so we finished up to number five I think we should postpone number six, because we don't have enough time. No, we don't I think and we have not had the time to coordinate betw between us vrn. Yes, no and I owe you an apology, because I need to send you. No, we need I need to send a couple of documents to both of you as well, because just for the rest of the group to understand bike, equity issue and equitable streets and sidewalks related issues came up in a meeting. A transportation committee meeting and Christine did quite a bit of leg work on the sidewalks, an equitable streets, part of it and Dell actually brought in the notion of bike equity and that's an ongoing conversation. We think that between the task force and the transportation committee, we could be actually pursuing that jointly. So that's where the conversation is so we will bring it up in the next meeting and if we need to communicate in any well not communicate but distribute any talking points. We will do that via email. I think that's allowed for us to do right. Yes, okay, so now we can open up. The conversation before we go to the meeting agenda is that what you're suggesting Christine help me out here? No I was suggesting to skip completely and bringing it out next week next month, right, so anything in particular for December meeting agenda that we need. Besides what is left over from this meeting, anything else that we need to add I need to have the review. I mean we need to put the bike, equity and equitable street higher up on the agenda. Let's put it definitely, okay, so I'm going to open it up to public. Now anyone wants to ask a question there's a way for you to raise your hand, I'm going to stop sharing screen, so you can see if anyone any of the attendees want to speak. Please raise your hand, no open questions. I think we already covered those Blanca from community liaison for project reset at Midtown community coach. She doesn't have a question, but she would like to invite us to connect to Midtown community college. We will we'll be happy to do that. As part of you know, a couple of volunteers will reach out to her I. Think Maria mentioned that she would be in touch with with Lauren. Yes, so I think Bianca's Q A's were answered. We're addressed yeah any anybody else, I, don't see any hands up. We have eight attendees. No, who wants to make a motion to a gem? I do okay, thank you, everyone and we will send this list with names fairly quickly after I condense it. Thank you. Everyone. Thank you.