Basically, I'm just going to let Michael Noble, who is obviously a board members in the attendees section as his hand, raised.
Then I think we can officially go ahead and get started so welcome everybody to our social and racial justice task force and just for some quick housekeeping before we officially get started just to.
You know we are treating this task force with the same level of importance as any of the other committees in terms of following open meetings, law and notification.
You know before actually I think exec.
You know like, as we did with the ACES committees- education forum, which I thought was a real success and a couple others.
I find is that we can walk down the street and if you wait long enough, you can actually see community Board, 4's committee meetings go up, and.
But, you know I, think that was probably a little bit of the issue.
We have to do everything as every as I think as some folks on this committee task force know.
I think a little bit of catch up to get in the mode of putting you guys into the committee schedule rotation at the beginning.
Unfortunately, Carl Wilson can not make it tonight, but he wanted me to let you all know that there will be an oversight hearing by City council on NYPD in.
I think another question we'll have to ask is: if there are a number of community boards that want to provide testimony that we can organize our within amongst ourselves and then to the council that we I think you know, as a block should be heard similar to the way the council used to do it where it was agencies.
That will definitely be something important that we need to keep track of and then start thinking about what we would like to say and also who will coordinate with the other community boards.
So we'll see how where we should, we can maybe organize a internal another zoom meeting to check in with a to see where we all fall out in terms of community boards on this on the topic.
Yeah I just want to point out that it's great that commissioner Shea sent a response to this letter and actually addressed it to the board, because when we sent him a letter from transportation planning, he did not respond to our letter, directly.
So, instead of asking NYPD blindly to just send somebody over, we want to identify the right person who can come and actually give us information that we would like to hear about, and one person that I remember in that.
So I think what we're hoping to do now is to invite somebody who would also be speaking at the December meeting.
So I think James was asking whether there are other subjects for Jesse before he leaves and then right, because I would love to.
I didn't want to jump the agenda, because I would love to talk more about the facial recognition software, but it was my understanding that you Viren had some things for Jesse to discuss before he had to go.
Yes, so I'll just end just a couple things I just want to make sure you guys have a healthy number of attendees in your from the public.
That's all, right, Jesse can I just ask you two quick things, and this actually is about our next agenda item, which is we had discussed wanting to find volunteers from our board, who are interested in being the CB4 Rep to the four police precincts in our district.
Think that will be helpful for people to know whether or not they can commit to being the CB4 Rep. So I, just wondered: If you had them.
At least north you're, saying that she's attending two meetings at the same time, yeah back and forth.
I mean I, don't know whether PSA attends something like the tenth or the tenth of.
I, don't know if PSA actually has a community council or they work through the tenant associations, or something like that.
Think, it's important that we establish who is representing CB4 because, as you know, as we have heard.
We had talked about the importance of just having somebody having a contact who regularly attends the meetings and can report back to our group about the issues that are being raised at the meetings by the community, but also by the people.
I think it was more about having representation and a a regular representation so and not representation in the sense that we're like we make an announcement every time we're here representing CB4, but more that it's reporting back to this group.
Actually, it's a very good question, because I attended one of those meetings for precinct, 10.
Think it's important a good question that Christine asks.
Then I think is also is in how you would be reporting back that information not just to the task force, but in terms of, if you want to do something you know in terms of a maybe a memo or notes or something to then go out to the rest of the board.
We consider moving our meeting our this task force meeting date so that there isn't a conflict with the third Tuesday of the month, but I mean Jesse.
Basically, the first Thursday of the month, which is the day after the full board meeting, which and I know I.
I mean what time are the meetings scheduled for I know.
I mean you know, I'm in Midtown south.
I. Think this committee should take up that discussion, and this is something which has been on our budget for many very long time, because I, you know just doesn't make any sense.
You are kind of on the police side, but you know making sure that there is a community process.
I think that we don't need two reps to the meetings that don't conflict with this right.
Think, the important thing about the meetings is not so much.
Think what happens if it's announced that someone from CB4 is at the meetings you might get more people to come.
You, know predominantly you're, going to see that you and you'll still be similar issues with with the other, with Midtown.
Let have the community know about not just giving board for, but the task force, and so there might be issues that are they're.
Not that folks come to the precinct and realize that that's probably maybe not the most effective use of their voice and they can come to the task force just because I know, everybody's speaking and a lot of ideas.
I just want to make sure the attendees know that if obviously, if they would like to speak, they at some point will be able to you Katie and beer, and you guys can manage that and to do that.
He's actually going to be changing the dates of his meeting so that it doesn't conflict with the housing, health and human services meeting and this month, so meaning this coming.
I actually was going to have Midtown community court come and speak at our committee, probably next month or the month, after.
So, we're hoping we can get around to it right, now, and that is looking back at the task force recommendations that were approved by the full board meeting in July and to make sure that we have somebody looking into it and and following up on it and able to make you know further detailed recommendations.
Daddy, quick, question, apologies, I, don't know this, but it's my first meeting on the task.
Most of them I think, would be expecting compensation, but I do know a number of people who do anti-racial, racism, training, marvelous, okay, great kid.
And I think she might even she might be wind up appearing speaking at the meeting next month.
Let us know that there were other community boards who are also thinking about these kinds of similar issues right about unconscious bias and racism and police accountability in their community boards, and we wanted to have a person from our community board who could just help identify what other community boards may be working on this thing and how we might be able to work together right and, for example.
Anyone from community Board, 4 who's engaged in conversations should I be happy to you know to chat with someone about that.
You mean to be like the contact person from community board for about that issue.
We will add your name there and then number six is recommend that all CB4 committees have two co-chairs for a diversity of views, so I guess what what's really required here is to have somebody you know come up with a list of who the chairs or co-chairs are and then come up with the recommendation.
Do you think it would be helpful if we made like a if the task force made a specific proposal about this.
Yeah, to name you know, chairs of committee, I, think it is a discussion of Viren and Katie with Lowell.
You know it's not like the whole task force going, on.
You know, take a checkpoint, okay, yep, then I think yep vera.
And I'm also trying to get more involvement with the police athletically from the tenth precinct, and you know, abroad, on top of some other programs, hopefully lovely and actually Varen.
I guess this is one I was also thinking like when the shed comes to talk to us.
I can tell you, because I've worked on city projects is if there is a big outfit that actually does not qualify as Mwbe, they basically outsource it and they identify other entities and hire them indirectly to make up the requirement for the you know, to satisfy the requirement so to speak, and what Dell is saying.
So I just wanted to point that out and wonder when you are going to take input from the you know from the public.
If that person tells you I want to work on it, you are going to get an email.
You, know modified and expanded, recommend that each Cd4 committee and task force and Working group.
Right, I mean obviously we're actively enhancing racial justice or we're trying, but the other task force and working groups.
The way you do it is that you bring that back to that task, force to the working group and tell them look.
This is the one that Josephine and rose have signed up for and if there's anybody else who wants to jump on there, awesome number 11 recommend the creation of the CB4 NYCHA working group, which actually has already been created.
What I took this work group that you folks wanted to form here, that it would encompass a more broad stroke, so to speak, to cover more things than just specifically for the conversion, which I think is a great idea.
You know with the CB4 NYCHA working group.
I'll know what happened after I left this meeting, all right.
Learning from you, James go ahead, put my name down okay, and if you want to change the name from quality of life, we can change it to NYCHA engagement, I, think that might be a little less confusing.
If there is somebody I think there are some percent which have been changed recently and that would be really interesting to find out whether you know what was their process.
Okay, 18 is more training, right, yeah, I, think 18.
We can use that as a canvas right and going back to the oversight, meeting, I think they're.
Think that between the task force and the transportation committee, we could be actually pursuing that jointly.