We are about life 653, okay, we're now like good life 653 when I call the meeting to order, welcome each and every one of you guys who made it their business and the ultimate sacrifices to be here with us.
It's really mind-blowing the kind of stuff that's going on in my country in my report, I like to again in the same wavelength, continue to commend and congratulate those of us who have been directly participating in the march, and the protest is that I've personally, my health has allowed me to and I'm not gonna mention any names, but you guys know who they are I'll continue on, or you can't stop.
My report is just basically to try and motivate us to continue on and just try and get the police department throughout the United States of America I just said, the need daily knows that the chief agreed to remove six hundred plainclothes officers from that force he's going to reallocate them to a different unit.
Everybody who participate in these efforts I need to also report that, as an announcer last month, I purchased new laptops for the office staff and for sewing from kid board members to support the ritual work.
Let's see what we can come to address this matter, because it's unprecedented, you know we have it in the summer, but this year is going out ahead and people are very upset.
I already placed a few orders and I would like to ask to any committee chair if you have any need- or you have anything that you will like that I purchase for your operation- please let me know no later than tomorrow morning, because I need to be placing these orders this week in order to have all the transaction complete and paid before June 30th.
Very I know you have questions regarding the IRT budget, but I deferred that with the Treasury report, we're gonna do that later.
Yes, what is the question and this might be more appropriate for an offline conversation with you and the treasurer, but I'm just curious, given that we have like a pretty substantial budget surplus, would it be appropriate for the community board to buy like a bunch of first of all it?
If it's okay, we'll let you know Liz, yes, the mayor's office actually gives a lot of PPE.
Is there any way anything else that I'd like to share with us and I would nothing anything that do you feel sticks out on the Chrissa report that you guys prepared anything that you feel that can really be addressed differently or if they are your wife's opinion on I mean well I mean you know as a footnote again.
Getting that report earlier is better in the new fiscal year to have some time to talk about it, but you know certainly on the budget Lebanese I would I would look at actual versus forecasted and I would refine the budget to more accurately represent the spend from fiscal year twenty, but those are only suggestions.
Twenty two million calendars is there anything that you guys like to propose I believe that Fay was asking her committee whether she wanted to have or and meeting in July and fair.
You wanna want to discuss that, or is there any other community committee chair that would like to have a meeting during July, except maybe for the licensing committee.
Do we like well, what would be the process because I want to work with he's, even I'm, being able to formalize a way of being able to identify and bring trainings to a lot of those small businesses here to start developing some sort of plan to be able to address racism in anti-blackness yeah?
We are, let's assume when I had discussed yeah with the office of demanding Williams I think it is a great idea.
Don't think that we need attendance per se because you're lying others are off you of months, it's more like planning yeah, unless you had a comment.
I am so sorry because I'm doing it from my phone, so I think that summer is a particularly good time to have these kinds of meetings where we're doing informational sessions and we're not passing resolutions or conducting official business, but we're doing that thing that actually community boards do best, which is networking and brainstorming and getting in for pushing information out to the public.
Typically, we, okay, you do seven to ten days, but you know you're gonna have a hard time getting people to show up.
Okay, I would encourage you to also reach out to darryl cochran who's, not on the call, but he works for the human, the New York City, Human, Rights Commission, so he's I'm, gonna guess he's gonna have a lot of information about.
So it's important that she's yeah, but in addition generally, the executive committee is only participated in by the members of the executive committee, but you know we can accept additional stuff, but and Domingo I just want to let you know that what's happening in the chat is Mariela Graham in terms of a question now they just want to be a part of this initiative.
So if you can also reach out to them, I said my number phone goes both ways all say: you texted me I, think you have a question regarding the calendar saying if you will yeah.
Okay, thanks I just want to say the Asian Committee will be meeting in July and August.
I also sent an email a few days ago concerning a document, but I am pretty certain we created in the past for a new member orientation that lists all of the committees and provides a synopsis.
I don't know if there's on a specific file, an electronic file to send you what I'll have a business or send you what we have and you can just work off of it and then we can kind of like customize it to person day in age, sounds good.
Well, clearly he's available, not if he's conflicting with his own beat yes, okay, so we're gonna, move on guys to the committee chair reports, pay from what I see you're the first one.
I'm gonna be very brief and turn of my report I wanted you to share with you, as many of you already had witness, or so you know in our meeting, our committee decided to have an informative discussion to learn about the experiences that many students, parents and community in general had or have been impacted with the you know, Kobe night in so we call up for a meeting in collaboration with the Department of Youth and Community Development, specifically with a committee which they called the neighborhood Advisory Committee.
One thing that I wanted yes to also bring to your attention, is that I really wanted to I want to insist in expanding our relationship throughout the community and with other city agency, because I really consider very important for the kind of work that we do, that we continue are trying to engage in and building our relationship with many now besides, like oh I, hope I'm, not speaking to too loud, was I.
Thank you for question please before you leave, so you are saying tonight we're not going to consider any resolution for that matter.
I wanted to be clear as to what he sustained it also I think you know, refrained from I mean continue the conversation.
If you will good evening so land use had you know two agenda items for June, one of which was consideration of the BSA application for the win community music charter school and the other was an update on the proposed West 158 Street row house district, historic district on the agenda item.
You know aspects that are directly related to their committee, but also at the time in February, the environmental and traffic reports were not yet finished, so we had some time the applicants met with those three committees in May and at the June land use committee meeting we got a you know, a update on those conversations actually the day before the Land Use Committee, meeting Department of Environmental Protection approved the their plan for acoustical attenuation and the environmental remediation plan is under review.
So after you know further discussion, the committee voted to approve the application, which is basically just an application to use the building for a school, but that resolution was subject to DEP s, approval of the remediation plan and do T's sign-off on the traffic component of that, we also recommended that the applicants continue to provide updates to Committees of the board as the project progresses and as operations are.
You know community facility coming to the area at this juncture, occupancy of the building is slated for September 2022 concerning the West 158 street row house district and we've talked about that.
Right now had discussion about things going on in the community for seniors talking about the cooling centers to be open, but then I understand subsequent to our meeting that there's a possibility that they're not going to open the schools and flux at the moment, they're providing air conditioners for low-income families or communities for those that do not have a working air, conditioner, functional air conditioner, starting with nights of buildings and they'll, be moving out from their concerns about long lines.
You know ideal to have a first line of communication with both of those guys and we can in our aid managers tree with it, so that even you know take it to the extent of maybe using some local social media guys to in the question to highest chamber of commerce also distributed so that they can get the message out that he can just be from nine to ten, which I think is usually the norm in a 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. they should do.
Getting there, though Liz I'm getting there and to Eliezer God willing, we'll all get there and Eliezer in his capacity as a contact on the chamber of commerce to just let business people know that the special senior hours should be at like 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
If you don't open the door, I will report you- and she said oh I had very you know thank seniors because city for disabled, mostly seniors really too, because some of the city bike classes that they're putting in are going to be on sidewalks and limit that limits.
Sometimes yes, it would be listed as you'd start with listing them absent, and then anybody who wasn't at your meeting you should reach out to them and ask them you know what's going on and if the reason why they weren't there is because they were doing something else and it wasn't an excused reason than their absent.
I have a couple of questions in the chat one member yeah, Siana Kistner wants to know.
We want to make sure that you know this resolution was specifically crafted, so is to acknowledge really the hardship that's being had right now in our community afterwards, we then reviewed the refugee safety net fund resolution.
We're moving this now forward, so as to make sure that we're also presenting you know a common stance with one of the formal organizations, the sanctuary coalition, that came forward a while back to try and really advocate to make sure that we're allocating part of our budgets that really protect immigrants more so now than we have prior so again, just want to thank everyone that had been helpful in trying to make sure that we got this moving forward and, lastly, I'll just say that we did discuss what has been two bills that was put forward by the City Council one has been passed.
The other is really I, think a point of contention for a lot of individuals focusing on how it will impact the city- and you know, I'll, just leave it.
So if anybody heard that rumor I just want to be really that was never you know, the community board never had a secret plan to do that.
We want to be able to allow people to do it safely and we want to balance it with the other many parks uses, and particularly in these times, we want to make sure like how do we keep moving forward with a conversation about how different people who view what is or isn't, an appropriate use of parks figure out how to use those spaces together without weaponizing or criminalizing what is otherwise reasonable, behavior just because you maybe belong to different socio cultural demographic, ethnic groups.
You know what the last thing anybody needs is a white lady, rolling up to a group of people saying hey, you're, being a little too loud, so I was just gonna, let it go and then I saw that they had driven a vehicle up onto the Park Lawn.
I just need to clarify whether they have a general informational email available or if we're gonna be providing while Blackwood's and then so I will give that information to Ebenezer, because I think this is one that it's important to get the information out well before the meeting, because they will give the presentation as we received it in committee.
However, they won't have time to go through the maps on a detailed basis, so they're up there available to the public, but they're not going to go through one by one by one in the way they did at the committee and I will also forward them minutes from our meeting as part of our response.
It is more of a fall thing, most likely, but the main what they are going to do and what they feel needs to happen is rather than come to TNT, come to the general etc.
It's gonna be a community like elected officials, CB 12, the public small business owners, which are a big piece of this.
This is not the general mirror which I'm sure you know, probably better than I do so if we can just move the process that for lack of transparency, so that way, I can get all the reports in on time.
So and then, in terms of specific stations, I'll just refer people to will make the you know you can go to New York City gov to the d-o-t site on the bike share section and take a look about where stuff is exactly, and this was sort of a long process.
I have one technical comment relative to what Domingo said me I'm, just if I might yeah okay way back when in the old days and I do mean all days, community boards could actually negotiate CB eights themselves.
No and I would like to ask again please guys, even if you just have it Wayne has his hand up Wayne, yeah and just very quickly concerning the CPAs. What's really important is when there are, you know, developments that are getting public dollars, because in many cases that is the leverage, that's the means by which we could say that you're, not on your think, we're about to lose Wayne getting low course, and in exchange for that we, you know what kind of public assistance is being provided to you know.
Basically, what I said is we need to pay attention to when there are public dollars coming into projects, because that really becomes the leverage, the rationale toward the community board through elected officials, to provide and asked if I am building a building with my own money and with you know, a loan from Citibank and I'm, not getting any.
So I think need to be mindful of the financing of the public benefits, because that we can, then you know legitimately tie some kind of a community benefit.
What was it that they were promising, because when people start coming into spaces to communities talking about, we want to transform this the same way we did in the Meatpacking District I find that to be extremely problematic, and it's an extremely alarmed me.
But if target is just building something as of right, is they don't need to come to the community board?
But if you want to appeal to the goodwill and of a business to say that they should work with the community and provide some benefits when they move in then great, we should try to do that.
So that means that it might have not necessarily been the norm before, but the times also dictate what type of new norm we could put forth and I felt like as far as the societal awakening that we're seeing now I think it's about creating processes that are transformative and actually engaged our community and make sure that we safeguard our community because I'm assuming as communities community board members, we were looking to be able to make sure that we're at the at the interest of our community and not at those of those elected officials who get voted into office and have their own interest.
So I think it's important for us to note that we have to be able to set up new standards if those were in the standards before please have a question yeah.
We should be safeguards of our community I like to just point that out in Ysidro a question for you Eli concerning the new licenses that are going to come in July and August.
I would do that meeting in July and pass those March resolutions that were not able to pass and I think the as being new applications that have been coming up down the pipeline for the past couple of weeks after you had your meeting.
I would say we need to have at least just like all the committee's a July and a special July meeting to look at those licenses, at least just to make sure that they pass something that we can do virtually it's not going to take a lot of time of appointing other times so I think that's something that we that we should do and I strongly suggest that we can just do an especial meeting just to pass those resolutions.
Yet I think that the community board should vote on that in this month in June and not wait until July, because by the time they'd be able being put on the agenda for the SLA.
I would be sure to have the resolutions ready when we come for general board meeting whooping up for any questions.
Not because we have not submitted a resolution yeah, but they don't know they don't always wait for our resolution, so they go ahead and act on them anyway, and that's why I agree with our list and because recommendations they're going to act right, the car lives of our opinion and it's good to have I.
You know pinion in the matter that way, we can always have some leverage on yeah I'm just concerned whether or not these resolutions in our mood so I just want to add and I raised my hand for the that the SLA will sometimes call the office and ask for resolutions if they don't have it.
Maybe that's one way to start sending the message that we would encourage them to hire local residents, so you say Steve perhaps to do like what percentage of the workforce might be local well in numbers, because I think you asked for the actual number of employees if they have 16 employees.
You know how many of the sixteen or local residents I think that's one way, I think we could start to say in it that that's what we're interested in I cannot have the staff and but I going to consult with that committee first and have the staff I change the questionnaire to address that matter.
Oh no yeah, yes, okay, good Steve would like to go back to you or a report.
All you have to do is send a letter to City Hall I got previously stated and as for the amount and what your distribution is gonna be, and somebody from the mayor's office will contact you and that you know how much you could get right and the question is having dispensing machines so that we don't have to have people dispensing them should be asked: okay, hey Sally!
So please, your friends and about thank you, sorry and my point Ysidro is this- is for the street distributing them to residents because, as everybody knows, from Scotts English report, we have the fourth highest number of essential workers in Community Board district 12.
Please encourage your committee members to subscribe to the channel, because I haven't still same people asking for some links of previous meetings to do by you know, to write or to listen again, basically, just encourage and to subscribe to the to the channel, which is NYC, em, semi, 12m, NYC and if its own, on Facebook page is my C cynical family yeah.
But those discussions are going on at this point and while I don't see a July, Executive Committee meeting, your report to I will stay in touch with LA, consistent discussions we had earlier this year.
So what is parks and the city doing to be able to step up and figure out how we're going to engage our youth ISM know that that's a great question I am not aware of our response from the commissioner, yet I would I will send it to you if I see it on my way and I'll follow up with Jessica our chief of staff tomorrow about that.
For you, le's have a question: yeah - one is among the things that we spoke about at Great Lengths at our committee meeting.
Was you know the need to get some additional guidance from the commissioner on just that matter, so we are working that conversation through the committee as well.
Who you don't know, the minutes will not reflect how incredibly well attended our meeting was and what I'm hearing from my other chairs, but no one has actually mentioned and I think it's important to say.
I had like I, don't know: 65 70 people at my meeting.
There are a lot of things about zoom that are kind of difficult and I, don't love, but the fact that people can come very easily attend, listen to a meeting, throw up a question in the chat, raise their hand and speak I was really concerned and skeptical when we first started this like virtual thing, maybe it's just because I'm old, but it's been pretty remarkable in the best possible way how this has really enhanced participation.