{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "BCB14",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_BAkpXTYFoKdHVRvswVgtg",
            "title": "Community Environment Committee Meeting",
            "publishDate": "2020-12-01",
            "shortDescription": "Monday, November 30, 2020",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:21:15"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "BCB14",
            "normalizedName": "Brooklyn Community Board 14",
            "twitterName": "Brooklyn Community Board 14",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Brooklyn Community Board 14",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_BAkpXTYFoKdHVRvswVgtg",
            "twitterHandle": null,
            "hashtags": null,
            "dateCheckLast": "11/28/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "7D-fG5Do2u4",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 114,
                "um": 293
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "45 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "7 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "housing": 33,
                "force": 25,
                "task": 24,
                "plan": 17,
                "project": 17,
                "space": 16,
                "income": 16,
                "school": 15,
                "development": 15,
                "input": 11
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "task": 13,
                "force": 13,
                "housing": 10,
                "building": 6,
                "neighborhood": 6,
                "school": 5,
                "plan": 5,
                "space": 5,
                "project": 5,
                "development": 4
            },
            "fullTranscript": "It sounds like there's some ongoing stuff going on in the background yet again, I need to here and Donald, I'm co-chair of the community and Environment Committee. Thank you and Donald. If you just want to move forward to the agenda and then people can introduce themselves as they speak, since we don't have an orderly way of muting and unmuting people that might be a little just a little more efficient sure can we have HPD speak first, I believe they're first on the list, I believe it's going to be. Edc is going first, okay, right, okay, EDC, then yeah I will introduce HPD as well. Hi everyone I'm getting a slight echo, but before you begin let me call some people out for not being unmute Benjamin Graham King. If you can mute yourself, Don, Ree, Walker and Deborah Valentin and could, if you could mute yourselves and I, think that's it donald! You can stay unmuted because you're gonna be jumping in what just hap. Okay, thank you and Julian. You can you're sharing your screen now. Yeah. Are you getting this file? This is right. Yes, you can just put it on the slideshow and we can all see that we can see it. Okay, perfect. Can you see it now? Yes, okay, great! Thank you. This is my oh, but then my notes are missing. How do I do that? Then? Oh sorry, this is move. Would you mind if I just increase the size, because, unfortunately my notes were missing, no problem at all I think you can use the same functions that you can use in powerpoint. If you want to just take a minute, you can turn on the notes function and it should show up for you yeah, I'm sorry, my notes are in a separate page and I asked my husband to print it out and he didn't yet. I'm sorry I am airing it out. Why don't I? Just try like this for the time being, if that's okay, just because or else it's gonna be tricky and I'm gonna lose my notes. Okay, so first let me just introduce myself hi everyone. My name is Julianne Hirsquist I work in the New York City at the New York City Economic Development corporation in the neighborhood strategies. Division, I'm a vice president. There I've actually been at the EDC for nine years, but amazingly, this is my first time visiting your community board, so I'm very excited to join you all today and I should share I'm a native brooklynite I actually grew up on the other side of the park in park. Slope and I understand that this is a site that you have been advocating for its activation for a long time now and are really excited to finally see something happen here, and I'm really pleased with HPD to be able to share some good news finally, and a path forward. That I hope you all will agree with is the right way to go. So with that, let me start, you know the Ps. Can you guys see this? Okay? Great? Let me just try so the Ps90 site. As you know, it's located at the intersection of church and Bedford Avenues, and despite this prominent corner it has been vacant and under utilized for several years. Actually, since 2016, when the forward building was demolished, unfortunately, due to unsafe conditions on the site and I'm pleased to share with you what the current path forward for activating and revitalizing, this historical site looks like today, but first I wanted to start with some history, so the site has actually contained a school since the late 19th century. At that time it was first a small wooden school house which was known as Flatbush school number. One and later, as Flatbush's population grew, a larger, more modern school was erected and designed by John Collier. This was news to me recently. John Collier was a permanent civil engineer and landscape architect, who also served as the chief engineer and superintendent of Prospect Park. So some interesting connections there back in the early 2000s site work was being conducted by the school construction authority, and it was during that time that fragments of human remains and 18th and 19th century artifacts were discovered. We believe that the human remains are associated with an african slave burial ground that may have been located in the vicinity of the school dating back to the colonial era. Thank you. Honey. Okay, sorry folks doing it live, I'm gonna go into the full screen. Now where was I right, so we believe that the human remains are actually associated with an african slave burial ground that may have been located in the vicinity of the school dating back to the colonial era and at those at that time, in the 2000s, when the human remains were found, they were actually interred at the nearby reformed dutch church of Flatbush and as required by the Landmarks Preservation Commission, because you know sensitivity, archaeological sensitivity was identified at the time. You know any further. Subsurface work was immediately halted and required to be stopped and what was required at that time from a protocol and actual legal environmental review perspective was the preparation of two types of documents. So one is a community engagement plan and an anticipated discoveries protocol, and despite the fact that was required, not much actually happened on the site first for several years until as I mentioned, unfortunately in 2016, when the school ended up being demolished due to the fact that the you know landmark had severe deterioration and unsafe conditions on the site and the site has really been fallow since then, and we really have to thank Council member Matthew Eugene, as well as your community board for really being tireless advocates to see something happen on this site. So actually it was back in just last year when Councilmember Eugene pushed EDC to advance preparation of these environmental review documents that are needed, including again, the community engagement plan and the unanticipated discoveries protocol, and so EDC engaged historical perspectives, who is a local women, business, owned enterprise or consultant? That is an archaeological and historic historian. Consultancy firm and we engaged them to complete these documents and to work with us on setting this path forward on understanding more about the history of the site. Whether in fact, you know our suspicions are true that this. In fact is connected to a historical african burial ground and starting to come up with a protocol for what we would do should you know additional remains be uncovered and coming up with a with an engagement plan that very clearly outlined the need to create a task force. So that's where we are about today to bring us to today, so it was just in October actually that the mayor and council member put out a you know a press release and I and announced the path forward, moving forward with development of the site, and that includes an affordable housing site which HPD will talk more about including a youth-centered and vocational community space in the building as well, and then concurrent to that process Hpd's process there will be a community based task force which will work in coordination with HPD and their eventual RFP to redevelop the site to come up with recommendations that are focused on a number of things. So let me move it forward, one Sec and that's inclusive, of an of a number of different things, so first aspects of the future development project. So the task force will, you know, speak to you and come up with recommendations around what the program of the housing site looks like more detail about that community space that I mentioned on and or off-site memorialization, and that can take so many different. You know paths is that a plaque on the outside of the building is that an exhibit within the building that speaks to the history of the site is that some located somewhere else like at nearby institutions, so we'll be working in partnership with the Landmarks Preservation Commission to help inform what that looks like and then. Lastly, it is finalizing this unanticipated discoveries protocol. So really identifying, should you know additional, artifacts and or human remains be identified through future development on the site? What is the appropriate handling of those artifacts and remains? Where should they be interred? Where should they be kept? What is the appropriate path forward to handle that, so this community task force has a lot to take on and to uncover and EDC is working with HPD and, as I mentioned LPC, to advance this work over the next about six to seven months? It's a pretty aggressive timeline, one in which you know HPD can speak more about as well, but the council member was I, think very purposeful and asked for expediency here. Understanding that not much has happened on the site for several years now and wanted to see progress, certainly before he leaves office. So we're going to start with the task force and are launching it very soon. Actually, next week can we have already sent out invitations me board. 14 is going to be sitting on the task force and thank you in advance to Sean who has agreed to sit on the task force and be your rep, and we look forward to working with you all and reporting back out on the process. Hpd again, we'll speak more to their timeline, but just wanted to share that we, the task force, will run you know, starting in December through probably June of next year, and the task force itself will hold the public workshop as well as do an online community survey that will further feed into the RFP. So those recommendations that come out of this task force process will eventually go into the future housing development request, proposals that HPD will be releasing and their timeline, as you can see on the right, shows that they're most likely going to be released. The request for qualifications at the end of this year, followed by request for proposals in Mid 2021, which they can speak more to and then one additional slide. This is my last slide. I just wanted to note a couple more things about the task force, so it's going to be co-chaired by Borough, President, Eric, Adams and then Council member Matthew Eugene, who each you know have expressed strong interest in seeing activation of the site. We've sent out invitations. You know this includes to a number of local community-based organizations, some who are more development, focused and housing, focused and others who are more historical and can advise on how we actually do the descendant, outreach and plan for memorialization on the site, as well as other community stakeholders and I, spoke to the timeline and I'm happy to answer any more questions. We're really excited to advance this important project during this time. All virtually I should share. You know for the current plan. We will be holding all these meetings virtually but look forward to doing it. You know in a really comprehensive way during this time and we'll be working with a facilitation firm, a local mwb firm to help us facilitate these conversations with the task force alongside historical perspectives, the archaeological firm who is continuing to work with us on doing descendant, outreach and preparing this important, unanticipated discoveries protocol document. So that's all I have I'm happy to turn it over to Paris and Michael, where we can pause for questions as well, but it might make more sense to actually turn it over to HPD to complete the presentation. Yeah, let's hear from HPD that we could answer that, you can answer any questions after that. Great I'm hoping to stop sharing now great and I will be surprised. The next presenter, please Catherine, Tavares, okay, you should be able to share screen. Okay, just got it one. Second, in true 2020 fashion. Here I'm having some technical difficulties with the presentation just bear with me for one more moment, I may need you to share your screen, because this is not working on my okay. Let me see what I can do. I think I have the same sense. Catherine you'll still be able to speak, but I believe one moment you can actually share that with perestrator since he's the one who is speaking for this portion of it, and if you can transfer screen sharing to Michael Sandler, okay, Great Michael Sandler should have the screen sharing and Paris Strutter. You are unmuted, so you should be able to speak anytime Paris. You can go ahead, Paris you're unmuted! Are you if you're not able to speak, try the star six option, but I've unneeded you on my end, I'll quickly introduce myself. My name is Michael Sandler, director of neighborhood planning at HPD, it's great to be here today. Can you see it is the? Can you see my slide here yeah? We can see your slide. Yes, Donald. I'm not sure. If Paris has speaking capabilities at this point but Mr Sandler does I can hear him. Fine, that's true. We were hoping that Paris would do this position, I'm not even seeing Paris on the participants list. Actually is he still here? He is here he's just under the attendees list he's at the very bottom. If you scroll down, you will see. Well, let me text him and if he can't get on I can just do these sides I'll go ahead and go so. As I said, my name is Michael Sander. Hopefully, Paris will join us for the Q&A and he can pierce this. He doesn't know how to unmute. Is it possible to just go ahead and unmute him I already unmuted him I, don't know if there's an audio problem on his end. He is unmuted on our end, so he should be able to speak. If he has a sticker hooked up. He just needs to make sure he has a seeking device got. It looks like you might. Just have headphones all right. Well, I'll! Go ahead! Sorry about this, as Catherine said, very 20 problems, so just quickly what is affordable housing so HPD with the department of housing, preservation and development. Hopefully, folks are familiar with us: we finance the development of affordable housing around the city, including on sites that are publicly owned. Land sites that are our public land go through a process that we call request for proposals where we solicit and evaluate proposals for development of those sites. We there's a lot of obviously a lot of conversation about what is affordable and affordable, for whom so just quickly thought I would clarify. You know HPD when we think about affordable housing is considered affordable when a household spends no more than one-third of its rent, sorry, no more than one-third of its income on rent and utilities. So this changes, obviously depending what is affordable changes depending on someone's income. So for a household whose gross income is around twenty thousand dollars, a monthly rent of approximately six hundred dollars is affordable for that household versus a household that earns a hundred thousand dollars a year. A monthly rent of around twenty five hundred dollars is affordable for that household. You may have heard of a concept called AMI or the area median income. The area income is determined each year by the federal government. For different regions, it factors in not just New York City, but the entire region and actually for New York City because of our high housing costs our area. Immediate income has been adjusted to account for that so for the year 2020 and for a family of three the area median income is a hundred thousand run a hundred thousand dollars. This is not what we create. Affordable housing for this number is a reference that allows us to compare affordability from year to year, as you have inflation and as incomes in the city change. So HPD uses this number as a reference point and sets our own income requirements that are tailored to the needs of New Yorkers. So we create affordable housing that is affordable to those that earn say, 30 of the area, meeting income or 30,000 a year or 40 of the area, median income, 50 percent. So for you know a sixty percent air immunity, income household, that's a household that earns around sixty thousand dollars a year and that might be a taxi driver and a janitor and their child might earn that salary. So this slide shows how this all plays in how family size percent of area needed income relates to the rent that someone might pay in affordable housing. So here you see a variety of different conceptions of households from a an individual senior who earned social security, who would pay 30 percent of their income in HPD, funded housing to another individual earning 30 percent of the area income whose rent might be around 400 dollars a month. I'll point you out the column with the two-bedroom, where you've got two different size, families and also the different income groups, and they have different rents for that same two-bedroom apartment, that's based on their need and their ability to pay and I'll talk now quickly about our process. If I can figure out how to go to the we seem to be missing this slide, I'm going to stop sharing for a second all right. Do I have a slide showing now nope there. It goes all right Catherine. Would you like to go through this one, or you would like me to do this part as well? Yeah I can talk about this. Can people hear me? Okay, yes, great thanks Michael. So, as Michael mentioned, the development of city on land is conducted through our competitive review process, which is known as a request for proposal. We start off with community engagement and I would just caveat this to say that, even though it's showing up at this process, we conduct community engagement throughout the different phases of the RFP. With that community engagement, we are able to collect feedback from the community and draft the community visioning report synthesizing what we heard and attach that to the request for proposal, and once we issue that it is with criteria and goals, shared goals for developers to respond to. We then receive the proposals and start a competitive review process. Excuse me and then that allows us to designate a developer from there. We come back to the community for more feedback and prepare for pre-development, which includes environmental reviews and land use approvals, such as the public review process of Bueller and usually a two to three year process. Then leading up to the third of construction. I'll pause there for questions and also invite you, director of the pre-development, all the questions till the very end. That's it actually all right. Let's have questions then does each does HPD sorry to chime in here, but does HPD just want to clarify the process for this procurement? That's slightly different with the rfq leading to the RFP. Sorry to interrupt I just want to let everyone know that Paris Strutter should be on unbelievable Paris here: okay, julianna! If you want to ask your question again, but Donald I just wanted to mention that I do see, questions from Barton, Prasant and Sean Campbell right I just thought it might be helpful if my HPD colleagues just reiterated how the procurement process will look as a two-step process. Now for this procurement insight, hi! Yes, this is Katherine again, I will start my video, so Julian, as you mentioned in your presentation. We have the Rf2 being issued this before the end of this year, which will lead us to qualified applicants who will then be eligible to apply for the RFP which will be released Mid next year and I. Believe Paris now looks like he may have sound in case. He wants to add anything to that. Oh, no, that's fine, I'm just so I apologize, so much I was on my computer and my computer evidently is not compatible with this. Software I haven't never used the software before so I'm on my phone and I figured out how to get in, and then you guys can hear me now so I really apologize for that. I thought I had used webex before so, but maybe I guess just as an attendee. Again. Apologies well you're here now and welcome glad you joined us. Thank you. Sean. You had a question. I do I kind of I wanna I want to start out with just some information that EDC and HPD make already know, I'm going to say something I plan to say at every single meeting and just to be clear. Ed Powell has asked me to but I'll be working closely with all of the co-chairs of the relevant committees, which I think are all of our committees. But you know, community 14 has the highest percentage of residents who live more than a quarter of a mile away from a park, which is to say we are the park poorest, community district of all 59 community districts in New, York, City, and certainly there's a need for affordable housing. In our district we have approximately a 20 poverty rate. We are talking about what is affordable. We rank something like a house out of 15 59 community boards. We make 14 in terms of the number of households in our districts that are severely rent overburdened. That means they're paying more than 50 percent of their household income. We also have something like 12 and our overcrowding rate and our rental, and we rank 34th in our rental vacancy rates, so the housing is indeed needed, but the lack of park land, the fact that we rank 15th in terms of density and yet almost 50 percent of our land is one and two family homes, which is to say the dense parts of our district are really dense, and this is going into one of them. We also have overcrowded schools and so I. Just we also in this community board, there was something like there's: a handful of DOB issued permits for new housing in 2010 I think there was like single digits and that has skyrocketed to. There were nine in 2010 and there were 668 in 2019. So this is a community that feels like there's a lot of building going on. So that's just the backdrop I just want to ensure is considered as this project moves forward and especially as it's moving forward in proximity to Caton flats, which was our other 100, affordable, housing development that we're extremely excited about. But we sure that the AMI's offered compliment and pick up with slack where Kate and flats may have left some so that that's all I mean there's questions inside of those statements, but I just wanted to provide that additional context. The next hand, I see, is Edward's son. A question for Julianne I just wanted to know a little bit more about this task force as far as the selection process and how this task force is. Who decides to appoint the members? How many seats there are, and just for more transparency about who gets selected and so on and so forth? Certainly, I appreciate the question. I wanna just acknowledge beforehand too Sean. Thank you for all that important information about the state of your district and how this site fits into it. So, in terms of the task force, we worked with the council member and the borough president, as co-chairs to first identify key stakeholders that should be invited to join the task force, and it was through that process that we got the list that I believe I'm gonna get it wrong, because I'm not remembering off the top of my head, I wanna, say they're about all different stakeholder organizations that were invited and what we were doing by putting together. The group was really trying to identify folks who could well first of all the knee board 14, but then, of course, me board 17, since the site actually straddled, it's just located across the street from Kimi Board 17. So we thought it appropriate to invite them as well the electeds, of course beyond just even the co-chairs of the Vp and council member, but then really tried to identify community-based organizations who were knowledgeable in the subject matter. So this includes you know, organizations that are focused on providing housing and what housing looks in the neighborhood of Flatbush, but then also organizations that have maybe a broader geographic scope like the Brooklyn historical society, but our subject matter and content experts as it relates to the history of Brooklyn. So it's a bit of a motley crew and we just sent out invitations and our you know in the press process of solidifying that list and are hopeful to you know we don't want to be completely prescriptive with the task force before it launches. You know you need to let a community engagement process play out, but our hope is that, through that community engagement process that there will be additional opportunities behind the beyond the public workshop and the community survey to engage with the broader community, one idea that I've had and we'll see if the task force picks it up is, can we you know, release meeting minutes to through the commute Board? Potentially, I'm not sure if there's a place to post that on your website, but that's an idea so trying to identify ways in which we can you know, share information about the goings-on of the task force as we progress in addition to the public workshop and the community online survey that we'll be doing as well. So thank you next question from anybody. Carl Henry Cesar is followed by possibly Barton Croissant, so it's a check mark instead of a hand, so I'm not sure yep, hi folks, good evening, so to HPD and EDC. Thank you folks for attending the meeting and sharing this information with us. I have a few questions. The first question: I have Julianne I, believe it was. Your presentation. Could you put up the slide that showed very high level, the timeline for the task force and the co-chairs? Briefly, if it's possible for you to share your screen and do that Julia, that's onerous. You can also email it to us after that presentation and we'll make it available on our website and especially email it to you, Carl Cool. So then, in that case, then I'll just ask the questions and let me see if my memory is on point so I believe the first thing the slide said: the co-chairs are borough, President, Eric, Adam and Matthew Eugene. So the first procedural question I have is: if one or both co-chairs are not present, can the meeting take place or not? The second question I have is I believe it said the timeline was December 2020 through June and so has the date for each of those months in between been set, and then the third procedural question I have is, it said, I believe one of those meetings was going to be public and then some survey would be done. So my question is: what is the definition of that meeting being public mean, and then does this mean that the remaining meanings are private and if so, what is the definition of private sure? First of all, kudos to you got all those details. Correct from the presentation slide, some great memory to your first question about the co-chairs. It's my anticipation that they there will be identified proxies for the council, member and the borough president for Example Committee Board 14 received their invite from Ryan Lynch who's chief of staff for the borough president's office, they're, both very busy people and so I. Imagine we will have a proxy not only for them, but for each organization you know: should the designated lead representative not be able to join for every meeting, although of course and John you should know this for continuity sake, it's great to have the same person at every single task force meeting. Your second question was about the timing, so the first meeting is set for next Wednesday December 9th, we'll be sending invites out shortly with you know the exact date and time, but the rest of the meetings are not set right. Now we were anticipating about a meeting a month, but you know it's really hard to kind of forecast and predict how a process like this is going to happen. So no further meetings are set, although we are expecting about a monthly cadence and then I actually think if it's okay I would turn the public workshop question over to HPD, since that actually is something that very much fits into the HPD procurement process and would be a great thing for them to speak to yeah sure. So we do for all of our Rfps a workshop where we asked the public for being a priorities about the project. Different sites are different, so you know those workshops are not exactly the same, but in this case we anticipate we'd, be asking folks about the desired affordability that they'd like to see the project in terms of what households this particular project would serve with. You know we usually talk about the ground floor space in the building and what kind of uses make sense in terms of both commercial uses and community facility uses based on the needs in the neighborhood, and we talked about talk, of course, about the design of the building and then the amenities that the building can have like open space within the project. So that's what the workshop would be into the question about how public it is. It's entirely public and we do our best to kind of get the word out and partner with organizations to help us get the word out, and you know we look forward to partnering with the community board here to do that, but that meeting would be completely public all right. Thank you folks for answering my questions. Next person, Barton Croissant, do you have that? Oh yes, incredible I, don't know I had to duck out for a second I, don't know if anybody else had said it, but I have to say to find EDC as a driving force behind 130. Affordable units is not what I knew them for a decade ago, and I can't tell you how thrilled I am to hear that plus a community center is what you're promoting for the neighborhood, especially considering the history of this particular site, so I think it's hugely credit worthy and just want to throw you know my total support behind it. That's it thanks. Thank you. We appreciate your comment and glad that we're changing your opinion about EDC and what we're doing as an organization, but this is really a joint effort. Hpd is obviously leasing leading the housing development and will be working with landmarks, Preservation Commission as well but again I, said at the onset boat, just wanted to say kudos to the community board, who really has been a tireless advocate to see activation of this site, and hopefully it's turning a corner, and there is a bright future ahead. Who is next Billy Richling? What has the next question? Oh great, hi. Yeah. Thank you for the presentation. My question is a quick one which is just. Is there any zoning restriction on the site? Currently, that would require being changed by any development and would that require a ULURP, or is that not something you're anticipating happening? It's really early in the process to talk about zoning, but you know my understanding of the site is that you know the housing of housing development. There is feasible under the current zoning. We need to look at it further than we are, but you know the public input process, which is both in this case the task force process and the public meeting that we'll have will inform that because we don't know what kind of housing development we're trying to do here. So it's you know it's. Therefore it doesn't make sense to do any modeling yet so, based on what we hear from the workshops about both what kind of housing and what the design should be, then we'll back into a zoning strategy, assuming the zoning should be changed at all which it might not need to be at all got it. Thank you, Sean Campbell, next question hi this one really is a question. If is going to be part of the conversation that that's great obviously, because that is a soft order, but does that mean that there's going to be a CB17 preference? Is the HPD rule that 50 of the first lottery will be reserved for CB 14 residents, or does that lottery? Or do we share that lottery stat with 17, I'm just trying not to share there has been sharing in the past, but that you know that's only special circumstances. You know I again. This is something that we would look to the community process and to the electeds. If there is a reason to do sharing here because of the proximity, then you know we have done that before, but it's not something that we would propose initially, that would be something that would have to come from. The we'd have to hear that from the community and then and the electeds would have to support that. Okay, I understood, thank you and then a follow-up to that, which is also based on a statistic that we sadly can't boast in this district, which is the serious housing code violations we rank about. Sixth, in the city, for those it's something like 180 per 1000 units of housing, and so, if h would HPD be able to I mean the idea of bringing new housing in into this community. Is you know it's obviously necessary? But why are we bringing in new housing if we're not working for the housing? That's already here so I would love to hear more from HPD. It doesn't have to be here and now, but we'd just love to hear more about the commitment to preserve the affordable housing that exists while we gain additional units. Is that something that we could work on and that this project could help us highlight sure, and we can come back. You know my colleagues work on the code enforcement side. That's not us here, and you know, as it relates to preservation. Also. My colleagues, you know not me, can speak to those efforts generally with HPD and the housing New York plan we're doing 60 of actually it's more than 60. But the target goal is that 60 of the housing we're financing, is preservation versus 40 new construction. So we definitely do more on the preservation side, but we can come with a report on what we're doing in this neighborhood and whether there's chances to do to elevate those efforts. You know, certainly, since we're you know we're focused on this project. Oh thank you any more questions. Yes, next question is Glenn Wallace, hello, I have a couple of questions. One is do you know the current zoning designation of the site and, as I recall in the there was going to be 132, affordable housing units I. Believe I'm wondering if you have any idea of the percentage of those that are going to dip down into the 30 and 40 percent of AMI type. That's it! Oh! Just on the second question quickly: that's what we'll do the workshop about and, of course, we'll come up in the task force process too. What is the desired? Affordability, because we have different programs that we can do based on what kind of households we're trying to serve and what kind of incomes we're trying to serve so that that's not determined yet, and we would look at the community to really express preferences about that on the zoning I'm going to kick it to either Julian or Catherine, because I don't remember what the zoning district was here. I embarrassed, Lee, don't remember either you remember Catherine. If not, we can easily get back to you guys, that's okay! Thank you very much. I'll. Look it up, sorry to not be more help any more people! Yes, oh hello, can you hear me we can hear you? Oh great yeah I just wanted to answer the zoning question and, let's see I was just looking it up. It looks like it's c4 4a, which would apply the r7a standard, so it looks like the density could be pretty high here, but I'd have to do a little bit more investigation to see what exactly a lot is allowed. The one question I had was just looking at the site. There looks to be a an additional property on the church, Avenue Frontage that I guess currently is used for like parking or some other storage purposes. Is that going to be part of this plot as well, or is that separate and apart, first of all, thank you for looking it up and happy to compare notes later on the zoning and far so that's actually privately owned, so not part of the city lot jurisdiction, it's unfortunate because it's prime real estate on Church Avenue. That being said, you never know. Maybe that is an interested party and developer. Who would want to respond to future procurement that HPD releases we shall see, but our actual boundary does not include that existing parking, small parking lot on church Avenue and there's no intention of acquiring it at this point. No, it's not thank you sure, yeah! So I guess I'm piggybacking a little bit on to some of the things that Sean brought up, but just I go through that neighborhood actually regularly on my way to work, and it's a very high-density hood as is- and I'm wondering if you know it has there been any outreach, for instance to the school, that's right next door about their ability to absorb more students, potentially and also looking into maybe an additional project, maybe get rid of some of the gas station. You know auto body places or something to open up some green space. I mean this desire to keep building I. Think there's a point where that has a very negative impact on the human beings that are kind of all stacked up. On top of each we've seen this in projects where people are basically kind of stacked on top of each other, with no open space and no green space, so I, I'm just I, guess expressing some concern that these are things that need to be looked into sure yeah. Thank you. We certainly hear that and share. You know share some of those concerns. I think in terms of the school capacity question is, you know, is what maybe you were getting at. You know, certainly as a stakeholder. We would outreach to the adjacent school to be part of the process. The community process, but, in terms of you know, kind of you know, capacity of that school and school seats. There's a process through the city's environmental quality review procedure that you know this project would have to file a report, a an environmental site assessment that would look into basically whether this, whether the number of units that we're proposing has any burden on the school system. So that's certainly part of the process. That process also, as many of you guys know, looks at a variety of factors as well, including open space that you mentioned, and you know, I we're. Hearing already open space is a theme, so I understand that I'm assuming that will come up. There are ways that we can incorporate. You know modest amounts of open space in our projects, so I have a feeling that that'll be something that you know will become a priority in the community process and we should be able to do something related to that. The next question I see is from Ann Godette and for anyone calling in on the phone or who doesn't have a hand based function, you're welcome to also just unmute and speak. If I'm unable to call on you next is Ngodet. Oh hi, can you hear me we can hear you and see you? Yes, oh great! Thank you so much. Thank you very much for the presentation. It's very informative. I have two piggyback questions. One of them I think that both actually roll off of what Sean brought up earlier I wasn't clear on the answer to the soft border issue where, whereby input from Community Board 17 is welcomed and included without the expectation that having a seat at the table then gives them more of a preferential. So if there's an overflow which is hard to imagine, would their constituents or their members be more apt to be included in this as potential tenants and then further going to these back to the green space and community use? Is it likely that the open space or park would be both private section of it would be private to the project and part of it will be open to the community for use? Thank you very much yeah. Thank you for the question. So just the second one. First, we've in a number of our projects, we've seen various types of open spaces and oftentimes. There is both a private, both private, open spaces, for you know that exclusively for the building residents and then you know open spaces that are open to the public in some way. So both options are possible. Potentially, you know that we have to go through that process, hear what the priorities are from the community and then figure out how we fit that on the site, but both are possible. Yes to the first question, so I think you're talking about like the 50 community preference in our lottery system. So if you are okay, so you're nodding good, so yeah I mean typically the way that process works is where the project is located within that community district. Fifth, there's a fifty percent preference to that lottery. So basically, we make sure that we that 50 of the units are filled with applicants from that district, which is always happens just because there's so many applications, there's such need across the city and then the other 50 units are open to anyone who applies. So that would be the expectation in this with this project as well, unless through the community process- and you know the councilman, you know- expresses a strong desire to split that community preference between the two districts, given the proximity that has happened before, but that you know that's not something that HPD would propose. That would be something that would come out of the process and you know and the way that we I guess the other part of the question is just the involvement of Kimber 17 I, think you know we're just trying to involve the neighborhood and because the site sits in a on the border. The neighborhood does mean you know that it's part of the community Board 7:17 as well. So you know, of course, we're going to include them in the process. Both I think they have a rep on the task force as well as we would make sure that we're outreaching. You know that we, you know, we outreach the groups and to Jason Civics that are adjacent to site. Oh thank you. Next question I believe their hands in the air are raised for prior questions, but Glenn Woolen, Barton Croissants. If either of you or if anyone else has a question, please speak now. I have a question. Oh I'm sorry, Ilana Reinholds has her hand in the air one moment please yeah I can go. I'm just gonna talk, then hey everyone thanks yeah, so just to piggyback on and to really reiterate, we don't have enough green space open space. As you know, it's really important. I'm going to add on another layer which is I wonder if this is a question for I. Think HPD. If you've thought about the overlapping need with food insecurity, if you're on church or Flatbush in the last four days, you will have seen in the last few weeks and months all the churches and food pantries that are overwhelming and I really mention this as a just a note that we're just you know pouring water into a leaky bucket, and so what we're doing is we're not really taking care of the food and security issues and I think this is a really unique opportunity that if it's important to other people in the community as well, has there ever been something done where you've gotten support a partnership with a food pantry in order to build an innovative model where we can have part of this green space reserved for community gardening or, if there's a plan, to consider a green roof. Yeah great questions, and I'm victor, you know bringing that point about food insecurity in the neighborhood. You know we're in our learning stage for the project, so you know we're trying to learn the community needs. You know what are the real needs that we see out there as people tell the tell us them so, to the extent that food insecurity becomes a real priority, that the community has for this particular project. Yeah, there's ways that we've partnered on other projects throughout the city, either with community gardens or with community groups, that partner with organizations to bring fresh foods through a facility, but I'm not aware of a specific partnership with the food pantry yet, but there are partnerships like that where basically there's a strong need for fresh foods in that area and through some kind of you know, restaurant or convenience store, there's a particular focus on fresh foods and there's been a couple projects that we've done like that. So we're you know we're open to that. This particular site does have space on the ground floor for a variety of uses. So you know there's ample opportunity to do something if that's again, articulated by the community process as a priority. Ah, thank you. Mcdonald's I, don't see any other hands at this time. Well, fine! Then, let's move on to the next group of people I wanna! Do making a presentation- and it was great hearing about this- I- mean hopefully they'll- be back in touch with us over the next year six months and giving us follow-ups correct. Definitely thank you for having us thank you for coming. It was great okay, nice to meet you. Please share any materials with the community board. If you would like us to deal thanks, people are leaving left and right. Okay, Sean I believe you can go ahead about the 5D presentation. Yes, let's go on to the next presentation. Oh that's right! That is on me. I'm sorry, I want to point out that. Do it and I want to point that out, because they ask for community board input on their 5 g plan over the summer and hopefully, Barton and Greg Alvarez are still with us because they over we. Let them know that the community board that normally this type of plan would be brought before a committee and over the summer the committee wasn't meeting and we did send it out to board members. Their public hearing was distributed to board members. I know a couple of you, Glenn, Mullen, I, think also attended, but because of our bylaws, those board members couldn't represent the community board, but they did bring back information. You know we shared some information and what they learned, but it went straight to the city, Planning Commission and the city Planning Commission noted that do it had not really engaged at the community level with this plan, and so there was a commitment from do it to do so. We invited them to a committee meeting. It was working backward but better than not working at all, but they sent us a questionnaire so that we could sign off and attest to the fact that they had done the community outreach. So all I did in response to that was provide the letter that I provided to City Planning Commission in the first place, saying that they really hadn't engaged with the community board in a timeline that you know is a chartered mandated timeline. It wasn't just us, you know not wanting to talk over the summer because, as you recall, we actually did have some committee of the whole meeting. So I just wanted to let the board know that we're on record with a dissatisfaction with their engagement and then the fact that they're still not here tonight I think just is poor on their part it, but it doesn't necessarily reflect on the planet. I think we've had the plan up. I think we just distributed it to the board, but we can put it on the website. I can get it the one thing that was really impactful in this district of concern in this district was there was a plan to put the 5 g infrastructure on top of the light poles and that included light poles in our landmark districts, and there was an expression of concern about that and that was brought to their attention and so they're not gonna do that, so that was at least some input that they did take it, and actually it wasn't even do it that took the input it was the city design, Commission didn't let them wouldn't approve it with that. So I don't know if Gregory or Barton or Glenn may have gone to start the birthday festivities that are taking place in his home I just wanted on public record with this committee that we tried to get do it did not participate so I wanted it in this arena. Barton. Do you want to? Can you add to that or Gregory I am here? Oh, go ahead, I'll defer to Gregory, oh yeah, I think Sean you've set forth what the issues are. I mean there really isn't a particularly good plan in place in terms of community input whenever the decisions are made in terms of location of these goals. The you know the FCC over the last decade, or so it's removed a lot of the jurisdiction by for localities, but to some extent we still do have some role and I think do it in some respects is trying to navigate around that without having to get entangled with community input, and so that I think was the most disappointing thing. You know that we're hearing from them at this point, I, don't know. Is there any other avenue at this point to keep pushing the issue if I might make a comment? John go ahead, all right the thing about 5 g unless they've improved the technology is that it's pretty much line of sight without a lot of deviation. It doesn't penetrate well into buildings and so forth. So if we tell them that they can not install these cylindrical towers in our neighborhoods, that means that we are eliminating 5 g from the neighborhoods. So I'm not trying to make a comment pro or con just more of a factual, be aware that there's a consequence to this okay, thank you, yeah London, I wasn't making a pro or con comment. I, it's more of a process commentary yeah I would agree with that as well. I mean I. Think that you know 5 g is being deployed as we speak on existing facilities. Just to give you an idea of what's going on with in that regard, the BSA is taking a bigger role in looking at those sorts of installations when carriers do come in and that that's a recent occurrence. The difference here, I think, is with the polls themselves. I agree that you know there is some concern about connectivity and you want to make be aware of that as well. But Isaac it was. You know it's more a process. You know just to kind of understand how those decisions are being made and it seemed like the community boards were for being. You know, pushed aside a bit I think you know in that regard, since you'd asked you know, for a little bit of input from it, I mean Fios became something of a debacle is my recollection, and so as far as engagement and standing by their commitments that it certainly hasn't bode well. For other tech, massive projects I mean, of course you know, as you know, Sean my particular bailiwick is Prospect Park south and the concept you know once I saw the actual visual of what one of those would look like on top of one of the Flatbush. You know bishops, crook, poles. It was a bit of a shock to my board so granted. There is supposedly only one in our entire district. It's actually a block off of church and if at some point they ever do seem to be receptive to input from neighborhoods, it would be great if they could possibly move that up to Church Ave, rather than plugging it down right on Albemarle, which you know has been a haven for. You know pastoral respite over the course of Covid-19. So there's my speech, I'm not sure if I understood that there's the when you say that- and you don't mean you, don't you mean one installation- you don't mean that there was one that was planned for a bishop cook like do you yeah. It was the one right across from the mosque, okay, because I think that those I think those got pulled out of the plan that they weren't going to put them right. You definitely implied that they ultimately were going to back down on that, but yeah and on top of the fact that it would be, you know, put right outside of the mosque's front door seemed a little insensitive right. Okay, so we'll go back to getting the plan up. I know so. I just saw a link pop up in the chat. If anybody wants to take a look at that Anya, it's always quick on her feet with the link. So that's there so I mean I, don't think, there's anything stopping us from continuing to have share input on the particulars of the plan and I'll. You know I'll, let the and then where to take. This is just to continue to take it to the elected officials and we'll report out at our board meeting next week that this was noted in committee, that their outreach was poor at best but again kudos to you Sean for being dogged on this and being in their face. Thank you thanks, I'll tell them I get thanked for that there you go all right, I'm out here! Thank you, Donald and Nina for the indulgence on that item. I appreciate it sure. Is there any new business for the board tonight. I actually wanted to just talk a little bit about something which is ongoing and I'm hoping that at a point, I guess we'll have to figure out how to get them in. But there some of you may be familiar with the Brooklyn greenway project, and this is right now the studies that are being on the work being done to figure out how to put it all together, is coming from a grant from the Helmsley Charitable Trust to New York parks. The idea is to create protected bike lanes primarily protected that will link different communities and different parks throughout Brooklyn, which, given that we don't have any parks other than prospect park kind of leaves us out of the picture to some extent. But the work that they're trying to do is to close the gap to make it so that it's more accessible for different communities to get two green spaces and two different parks. So that's just kind of it in a nutshell and I, don't know how to put the screenshot that I have onto anything that it can look at, but there is a site that you can go to destination. Greenwaysmysocial.Mysocial and if you do so, if you just look at the Brooklyn greenways initiative, you can find actually an interactive map, so I just wanted to bring it up that it is something that I'm involved with I guess to you know and I am looking into bringing in to come and talk to us on a more formal level at some point in the future. Great Sean. Can we put a link to that group on the website I? Can the I can send you like what I have? Can you put it in the chat right now? Nina put it in the chat. I, don't know how to do that, email it. If you could email it to us, we'll get it up as well as the list of the I guess the main contacts or people that are involved because I have that list also email us everything. If you want the link in the chat right away, we can do that, otherwise we can get it out in a follow up. But certainly you know your next committee meeting. If you would like this to be an item- and you can identify people or want us to you know or put us in contact with people who would come and present for sure, I'll also take the opportunity to remind you that we had a planning fellow who did some work on. You know greening the district and I'll take another look in there and see if odd included any of that greenways in his report. I, don't recall specifically, but I, think it ties into that really nicely. So, let's keep that document alive and follow up with the presentation at your next committee meeting. Okay, great I did try to send something, but I have a feeling. It didn't happen. Okay, we'll do it in a follow up, then Nina, okay, great, thank you, two more hands: Carl Henry Cesar and Nikki Levinson and Gula thanks again, Anya so Sean, just the clarifying question. I think you may have answered this already, but I forget so with do it requesting feedback for cb14s take on the 5 g plan. Is this something where they truly want feedback? Or is this the illusion of choice you're on Mute Sean, so I can't hear you all? I was I just took a long, a lot of words to say: I wasn't going to answer that because I don't want to give them a compliment if they don't deserve it, but I don't want to be cynical unnecessarily, so I don't know, shrug so to be continued. All right. Thank you. Nicole Levinson, Angola hi. First of all, thank you to Donald and Nina, and to Sean and Anya for running the committee meeting. I have a very general question, which I will always be bringing the general process questions to these meetings, which is how do the agendas for this committee meeting get put together and what looks like it would be on the agenda for the next meeting. How are the agendas formed and my other question is occasionally I? Have people or neighbors ask me a question that pertains to the work of this committee so Shawn and Donald, for instance, Marion Uen, who helps run the new Kirk Community Garden, which Donald also is a founding member of in which I'm a volunteer like ask a question about something, and what do we do with those questions? I'm sorry for asking such a naive basic thing, but I don't have any idea how either of those two things happen perfect. Well, that's part of it. A lot of things get on the agenda because we're required to hold hearings on things like with the phones or with the development. The other things are, people will approach us and say: can we come to the meeting and talk about something and nine times out of ten? We will say yes, if it's appropriate for our committee, like I, know Barry and how to leave it. Unfortunately, because she wanted to speak about the garden and I'd like to give her the opportunity to have a slot at the next meeting to actually talk about the garden you know, but if anybody comes up with anything that they want to talk about approach me or my co-chair or Sean, and if it's appropriate, we will try and get it on the agenda. Donald and Nina are there, you know. Obviously there are topics like the 5 g topic, where you would proactively or Sean. Thank you Sean for again being on top of that, where you would be proactively trying to get a meeting, but are there standing relationships or expectations of city agencies about the rate at which they'll present to us? For instance, how did the ps190, I'm sorry I, can't remember it's 190 or 90? How did that come to be on the agenda tonight? Well that, because that's a site, that's been our district needs statements. For many years once I saw the press release that it was going to be developed by http, HPD and EDC. You know we reached out to them. I think we got the press release in early well in October anyway, and so we wanted them as quickly as possible. So that was a proactive agenda item. However, if we had waited like another five minutes, they probably would have sent Ricky to coaster, probably would have sent us an email saying. When can we present to your board? We also do things a little bit differently than other boards like we bring a lot, we bring a lot more through committee, so other boards will have these presentations at their full board meetings and so the expectation for different agencies or organizations to present in terms of frequency. It varies by committee and each committee has developed its own culture a little bit over the years, so you might notice that the Public Safety Committee has the commanding officer of the police precinct at least once a year, and sometimes twice a year, the education, libraries and Cultural Affairs Committee. We have we've. Over the years, we've had school construction authority come once a year to give us an update on capital projects. So there's little things, I can't think of any more off the heads. There's some things that are kind of de rigueur and then there's other things that are kind of out of the blue and then there's other things that just fall into place because, like Donald said, were approached by DOT as a perfect example, I mean don't get me started, they do it a little. They do it less often than they used to. But you know they used to come to us and say: hey. We have a bike lane proposal. We have a bus lane proposal, we have a you know a street, a directional proposal, and so, if there's anything big in the roadway, they would come to us and ask us to hear it because they had an obligation to seek community input on it. Does that help as far as other people asking for things, if it's a topic, we'll discuss it with the co-chairs and see if we can get a speaker to the topic and in the case of the community garden, we love that they have come to us before and we'd love an update from them, but sometimes I find that people ask questions and they want to bring it up in a committee when it's really just a service delivery request. So they want to talk about, and this one came up recently what is being perceived as a community garden upgrade at the dead ends on Avenue H near the Avenue H subway station. That's actually just a staging area for MTA to do the pet. The accessible accessibility ramp there. So always just refer people to us or you know, relay a question. We also try to meet with parks and sanitation at least once a year for updates of. What's going on in our district and Nikki, take a look at the bylaws and you'll see under each community under each committee is a list of agencies that committee is supposed to have some. You know purview over contact with, and then we go from there, the baseline right and that I did make sure to look up and to keep straight who's supposed to have which relationship with who I just know that a lot of thought must go into creating these agendas and having these invitations set up and I was interested in how that actually happens and what inputs go into it and what's proactive versus are reactive in the good way, not in the bad way. Yeah well- and this will come as no surprise to anybody, but Anya does a lot of the heavy lifting most of the heavy lifting to get these together and she and I will certainly have list things on our list for a long time and they won't something more time sensitive will pop up and so that it falls back down to the list. But we go over that list as we look forward to the next month, and then we just try to space out so that every committee is you know what now that this committee has met this month. Probably it won't next month, we'll do the committees that haven't met in a couple months in December, probably January, sometime January February for the next meeting. You got it, especially if Nina gets us the greenway folks, we'll get them on stage as quickly as we can, and if Maureen wants to talk about the garden you know we could give her an actual slot. We we've already got an agenda. We can just you want to just carry out. We just carry on yes by the way. Do you want to talk? Does anybody want to talk about the garden? I know Marion, but she had to leave for another meeting, no okay, next time, yeah for sure next time, let's get that on I, don't see any more hands raised Donald, but if anyone is unable to raise their can feel free to unmute yourself and speak. If not, that would be the end of the meeting. It was a nice long meeting. It's almost eight o'clock yeah. We always try and end by at least eight well done. Thank you so much everybody! Thank you everybody for coming here. Thank you very much good night. Thank you, folks have a good night.",
            "summary": "It sounds like there's some ongoing stuff going on in the background yet again, I need to here and Donald, I'm co-chair of the community and Environment Committee.\nWhat the current path forward for activating and revitalizing, this historical site looks like today, but first I wanted to start with some history, so the site has actually contained a school since the late 19th century.\nWhere was I right, so we believe that the human remains are actually associated with an african slave burial ground that may have been located in the vicinity of the school dating back to the colonial era and at those at that time, in the 2000s, when the human remains were found, they were actually interred at the nearby reformed dutch church of Flatbush and as required by the Landmarks Preservation Commission, because you know sensitivity, archaeological sensitivity was identified at the time.\nOne is a community engagement plan and an anticipated discoveries protocol, and despite the fact that was required, not much actually happened on the site first for several years until as I mentioned, Unfortunately, in 2016, when the school ended up being demolished due to the fact that the you know landmark had severe deterioration and unsafe conditions on the site and the site has really been fallow.\nActually, it was back in just last year when Councilmember Eugene pushed EDC to advance preparation of these environmental review documents that are needed, including again, the community engagement plan and the unanticipated discoveries, protocol, and so EDC engaged historical perspectives, who is a local women, business, owned enterprise or consultant.\nSo it was just in October actually that the mayor and council member put out a you know a press release and I and announced the path forward, moving forward with development of the site, and that includes an affordable housing site which HPD will talk more about including a youth-centered and vocational community space in the building as well, and then concurrent to that process.\nThere will be a community based task force which will work in coordination with HPD and their eventual RFP to redevelop the site to come up with recommendations that are focused on a number of things.\nSo the task force will, You know, speak to you and come up with recommendations around what the program of the housing site looks like more detail about that community space that I mentioned on and or off-site memorialization, and that can take so many different.\nPaths is that a plaque on the outside of the building is that an exhibit within the building that speaks to the history of the site is that some located somewhere else like at nearby institutions, so we'll be working in partnership with the Landmarks Preservation Commission to help inform what that looks like and then.\nWhat is the appropriate path forward to handle that, so this community task force has a lot to take on and to uncover and EDC is working with HPD and, as I mentioned LPC, to advance this work over the next about six to seven months.\nIt's, a pretty aggressive timeline, one in which you know HPD can speak more about as well, but the council member was I, think very purposeful and asked for expediency.\n14 is going to be sitting on the task force and thank you in advance to Sean, who has agreed to sit on the task force and be your rep, and we look forward to working with you all and reporting back out on the process.\nHpd again, we'll speak more to their timeline, but just wanted to share that we, The task force, will run you know, starting in December through probably June of next year, and the task force itself will hold the public workshop as well as do an online community survey that will further feed into the RFP.\nThose recommendations that come out of this task force process will eventually go into the future housing development request, proposals that HPD will be releasing and their timeline, as you can see on the right, shows that they're most likely going to be released.\nSo it's going to be co-chaired by Borough, President, Eric, Adams and then Council member Matthew Eugene, who each you know have expressed strong interest in seeing activation of the site.\nThis includes to a number of local community-based organizations, some who are more development, focused and housing, focused and others who are more historical and can advise on how we actually do the descendant, outreach and plan for memorialization on the site, as well as other community stakeholders and I, spoke to the timeline.\nYou, know HPD when we think about affordable housing is considered affordable when a household spends no more than one-third of its rent, sorry, no more than one-third of its income on rent and utilities.\nI want to start out with just some information that EDC and HPD make already know, I'm going to say something I plan to say at every single meeting and just to be clear.\nSo, In terms of the task force, we worked with the council member and the borough president, as co-chairs to first identify key stakeholders that should be invited to join the task force, and it was through that process that we got the list that I believe I'm gonna, get it wrong, because I'm not remembering off the top of my head.\nThis includes you know, organizations that are focused on providing housing and what housing looks in the neighborhood of Flatbush, but then also organizations that have maybe a broader geographic scope like the Brooklyn historical society, but our subject matter and content experts as it relates to the history of Brooklyn.\nPotentially, I'm, not sure if there's a place to post that on your website, but that's an idea so trying to identify ways in which we can you know, share information about the goings-on of the task force as we progress in addition to the public workshop and the community online survey that we'll be doing as well.\nI would turn the public workshop question over to HPD, since that, actually is something that very much fits into the HPD procurement process and would be a great thing for them to speak.\nDifferent sites are different, so you know those workshops are not exactly the same, but in this case we anticipate we'd, be asking folks about the desired affordability that they'd like to see the project in terms of what households this particular project would serve.\nYou know we usually talk about the ground floor space in the building and what kind of uses make sense in terms of both commercial uses and community facility uses based on the needs in the neighborhood, and we talked about talk, of course, about the design of the building and then the amenities that the building can have like open space within the project.\nThe task force process and the public meeting that we'll have will inform that because we don't know what kind of housing development we're trying to do.\nSixth, in the city, for those it's something like 180 per 1000 units of housing, and so, If h would HPD be able to I mean the idea of bringing new housing in into this community.\nOn the second question: quickly: that's what we'll do the workshop about and, of course, we'll come up in the task force process, too.\nAffordability, because we have different programs that we can do based on what kind of households we're trying to serve and what kind of incomes we're trying to serve so that that's not determined yet, and we would look at the community to really express preferences about that on the zoning I'm going to kick it to either Julian or Catherine.\nSo, I guess I'm piggybacking a little bit on to some of the things that Sean brought up, but just I go through that neighborhood actually regularly on my way to work, and it's a very high-density hood as is.\nI. Think in terms of the school capacity question is, you know, is what maybe you were getting at.\nThere's a process through the city's environmental quality review procedure that you know this project would have to file a report, a an environmental site assessment that would look into basically whether this, whether the number of units that we're proposing has any burden on the school system.\nPotentially, You know that we have to go through that process, hear what the priorities are from the community and then figure out how we fit that on the site, but both are possible.\nYes to the first question, so I think you're talking about like the 50 community preference in our lottery system.\nI mean typically the way that process works is where the project is located within that community district.\nThe other part of the question is just the involvement of Kimber 17 I, think you know we're just trying to involve the neighborhood and because the site sits in a on the border.\nThe neighborhood does mean you know that it's part of the community Board 7:17 as well.\nAnd I think this is a really unique opportunity that if it's important to other people in the community as well, has there ever been something done where you've gotten support a partnership with a food pantry in order to build an innovative model where we can have part of this green space reserved for community gardening or, If there's a plan, to consider a green roof, Yeah, great questions, and I'm victor, you know bringing that point about food insecurity in the neighborhood.\nLet them know that the community board that normally this type of plan would be brought before a committee and over the summer the committee wasn't meeting and we did send it out to board members.\nIt wasn't just us, You know not wanting to talk over the summer because, as you recall, We actually did have some committee of the whole meeting.\nYou know once I saw the actual visual of what one of those would look like on top of one of the Flatbush.\nYou can identify people or want us to you know or put us in contact with people who would come and present for sure.\nAnd I'd like to give her the opportunity to have a slot at the next meeting to actually talk about the garden you know."
        }
    }
}