{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "MCB6",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB5njYDjzR2f-pOD2s4fL6Q",
            "title": "Manhattan Community Board Six - Executive Committee Meeting - 10/21/20",
            "publishDate": "2020-10-22",
            "shortDescription": "",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:02:30"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "MCB6",
            "normalizedName": "Manhattan Community Board 6",
            "twitterName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVn0y_oPVdX0vvRFl70YAig",
            "twitterHandle": "@cbsix",
            "dateCheckLast": "10/8/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "e-MSZL_i97Y",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 207,
                "um": 199
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "41 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "5 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "agenda": 20,
                "minutes": 17,
                "information": 17,
                "schools": 16,
                "report": 15,
                "survey": 12,
                "item": 10,
                "work": 10,
                "housing": 10,
                "data": 10
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "work": 6,
                "agenda": 5,
                "transportation": 3,
                "land": 3,
                "street": 3,
                "outreach": 3,
                "terms": 3,
                "health": 3,
                "sex": 3,
                "space": 2
            },
            "fullTranscript": "And Mark is in his office is not he are you and you're, I'm actually in my office yeah I'm going to reach around and get something behind me my office at one Penn Plaza. They just sent a note about an hour ago. That said, because people kind of go in there's not very many people in this thousand person officers like 50 people, they closed it down. You can't go in as of an hour because of Covid-19 someone had Covid-19 in the office and, just out of you know, abundance of caution. They said they're not anyway. Well, there were so many warnings today. The governor said: do not go to New Jersey and do not go to Connecticut. No do not go to New Jersey. Why would you well that's true and do not do any thanksgiving plans and just do not do anything indoors. Just be smart, New Jersey's governor is quarantined. Yeah he's quarantining himself, yeah wear a mask, I mean just everyone be safe, be smart, wear a mask all right here we are hi everybody. Okay, good evening, molly hollister, here, chair of Manhattan Community board six. It is October 21st 2020 and we are holding the monthly executive committee meeting it's 6:32 P.M and I'm joined tonight by Jesus Perez, our district manager and Jesus. Is there anyone else? That's from the office on the on the call you've got just me today: okay, great okay, awesome and Seamus Shaw is our secretary and sema will be taking the minutes and taking the attendance. So let you take it away all right, hi everyone welcome and if you could please just let me know if you're here by you know, I'm meeting yourself and saying you're present that'd be great kyle untied celebrating her birthday. She had an early dinner and she's going to be a little late, but she said she's it but yeah. So yeah, her birthday was yes yesterday. So sorry, molly hollister here John Keller, here Kavitha Matthew, here Claire Brennan, I'm here, okay, I'm here Adam Harkey, Yep, Karen Vanderdonk. Here great thanks, everyone all right! Thank you! So and then the next item is to adopt the agenda and you were all sent the agenda. I do not know if oh Jesus is going to pop it up on the screen. If there are any objections, go ahead and raise your hand, but if not all right see, none will adopt the agenda for tonight and then the next item is adopting the September meeting minutes September 16th and if there are any objections, all right scene done, those the I will adopt those minutes, and so let's see so what is the agenda for tonight? I think I know we have all this ground rule information, but I've. You know you. I think you all know how to behave. Mute yourself when you're, not speaking, and you could raise your hand with a raised hand, function and so on. So we are taking. You know this is being recorded, so behave yourselves and the first item is my chairs report. So this is my last my last executive committee meeting as chair. So I'm sad and relieved and all those things all in one bittersweet, as I said at the full board, but I do want to congratulate the New Board officers Kyle and Mark Sondra, I think Sandro's. Not here is he seema and and so on. So I and Brian is there b. I think we're missing a few of you but yeah. Just congratulations and I know we're still going to be a great team and I'm still here so I'm not going anywhere and I and I know I'm kind of get easily embarrassed, but I know I accomplished a lot. We accomplished a lot these last three years and I'm really proud of it, and you know I get emotional, so I won't talk about too much, but I just want to continue to focus on the things we've been focusing on open space and making sure our waterfront is safe and accessible and all the things that transportation issues are really important to me and I know to the board so so anyway. So you know I'll stay on exec and I'll stand up a few committees and I'll still be here. I did want to just say that I'm finalizing the budget narrative for Rick, so I'm working on that there are a lot of speaking of the waterfront. I frantically wrote a you know, hopefully not too alarmist, but I was just walking down by the water club yesterday afternoon and Jean had mentioned: there's a sinkhole down there right by the water club in the Fdr exit at 34th, but we have four sinkholes in that area. Now four sinkholes, so I just alert every committee by the way, but there's that one there there's a there's another one right by the ferry, which is maybe not a sinkhole but just a drainage issue. There's one well, there's one right by the heliport and there's one in Glick park. So although we're getting this great resiliency project below 24th, we really need to focus above and you know- and hopefully it does not all slide into the river. I do not think that's going to happen, but anyway to be aware that- and there are all sorts of safety issues around there, just with all the different conditions with the traffic and foot traffic you know bikes and so on so again for transportation, land use a lot of different committees. Parks are affected by that. So I guess that's it for now and within the each of your committee reports I might chime in if you do not touch on a few things, but I'll move the agenda to the district manager's report, Jesus, hello, everyone all right, I'll, keep my report very brief today. I just want to mention that we have been seeing increased participation and attendance virtual attendance in our meetings and because the office has been trying to do it and increase its efforts to let the community know about what meetings are coming up and what's on the agenda, and you guys have been doing a great job at having very interesting things on your agendas and when people sign up, we give them the option of signing up for our newsletter there and then, and so we've seen a five percent increase in newsletter subscribers in the past week and 10 in the past month. So we're doing good and we're trying to really get more notice paid to the work that CB6 is doing as a quick minutes update for Basa. We understand that Dan Divine is drafting the August minutes and that Susan is drafting the September minute. So we do need to get those minutes in parks. You are up to date with your minutes transportation. You are up to date with your minutes for housing. Claire is writing the May minutes and for the joint meeting and the June minutes are pending a vote next week and Abby wrote the minutes for September's meeting and they will be adopted in November and Anjou will will write the minutes for the October move. So we've got a lot of minutes. Circulating there for land use. Jim is writing the minutes from September for health. We are missing the minutes from the May joint meeting with housing, so we'll follow up with those and Phil is writing the minutes from the last from the September late September, meeting and budget is up to date and 197a wells is writing the October minutes and if she's in happy belated birthday to Bee and happy belated birthday, also to rick whose birthday was a week and a half ago, and that concludes my report. Okay, thank you. Let's see oh yeah, you guys are watching my cat. I just saw the chat she's she likes me. So we'll move to the committee reports and the first item. First one is transportation and public safety Claire and Matt yes, so it's a pretty like agenda coming up and also I'll tell this group a lot of folks do know this already, but I worked for DOT and we thought that we kind of worked something out to be able to have me serve as chair and it looks like it is no good, so I actually submitted like a resignation yesterday, because it was something that I had to do. I love my channel just to your committee chair, not to the board, not to the board. Okay, no, sorry, yes, and I'm still able to be a part of the transportation committee. So that's fine, but I we had a light agenda. This came up because something a presentation about CitiBike kind of overlaps with my work, so I think that we might be able to push this to December the CitiBike presentation and just cancel the meeting for this month but molly. I do not know if you have something to do. No, I was just going to say I do not know if there are any items on the other items on the agenda if Matt had anything but the CitiBike that expansion discussion DOT so that can wait, it's not urgent. They were just planning on coming, but they can. That can wait. So we could do that until we kind of regroup and then Kyle and I are meeting up on Friday, so we'll kind of coordinate some of that change and we need to find he needs to find a new chair for his for business activities and street affairs. We have a lot. You know a lot of transitional conversations, but yeah Matt. Do you have anything not at this point I mean I was trying to get the police to do some introductions, but given that it's the night before election day, there's a lot of protest potential so that date is not looking good at this point. So if we had, if we keep the meeting, we might be able to do something last minute, but there's a good chance. We won't, but I'm good with cancelling it at this point, yeah and just about the Regional Plan Association, Anne and Sandy had been in contact with them, but they have not responded to like a request. I put and gave them a few weeks ago, so I think that you know it's we're in agreement that it could be yeah. So if there are no objections, well yeah, we can again kyle it's it as kyle is November 1st start date for his role. I mean I do not know. I feel like it's a, but I think that makes sense to to move that to just to December and cancel that meeting so we'll make that change and the agenda note that the meeting is cancelled for November and we'll move over this over for December's agenda opposed agenda. Oh actually one thing I did forget to mention: I'm sorry that we made a little bit of error. We forgot to put Matt's name on the roll call sheet, so let the record show that Matt is a member of exec and that he is present and we will amend our records. My apologies for that is that Matt, Roberts or Matt Bondi Matt Bondi is not a member of exec until November 1st. Oh, thank you all right, hi Matt, both mats can one of you be Matthew or Matt, B or Matt, or all right so Pam, baslow parks, landmarks and cultural affairs. Okay. So, as you see before you hold on, as you see before you, we will have a certificate of appropriateness, so that will be a presentation. We have the continued discussion about hold on a second. What happened here about I made it bigger. Does that help no make it smaller? Please my apology: there we go. That's okay! Now something else just popped up! That's why that happened. Okay, sorry! So we have the hopefully the finish of the St Thornton's Playground Discussion and Steve Simon will be there with his crew and I believe they're going to bring sketches and or finish sketches, and hopefully it will be voted on and then Ronnie will be able to write the reso. That's what we're hoping we'll see what happens, but I think I think it's pretty much at the point where we're ready to rock and roll. I think it's important at this meeting to have a discussion about the East 36Th Street application, so that once again we reinforce with the Saint Thornton's group that they need to get involved with that, because we need whatever support. We can have to get that street open then, prior to the report by Wesley for the Department of Parks and recreation I'll, send him an email asking him to please discuss the four sinkholes and we'll see what he has to say and he'll give us an update. He did not do one last time because it was such a long meeting and you know Pam. I think that what the sinkholes only one of them are parks, the other three are EDC DEP, possibly New, York state D.O.T. You know it's they're, not I mean I do not know who's responsible. That's the problem! Well, the thing is, they might be responsible. I feel like we should mention it. Oh totally, absolutely no, but someone has to send me a list of what they are, because I do not have that list of all the sinkholes I'll. Send you pictures. Oh that's great, thank you and then there'll be a chairs report and old and new business, and that's it folks and pam for your third agenda item the street open street application you'd like us to invite perhaps sandy from the transportation yeah someone who can discuss it. That would be great because I know there'll be questions and I think if you would ask sandy to bring sort of a or to suggest some next steps so that the group knows what they can do I mean if petitions would help, then maybe that's something that we need to encourage this group to do if there are other things, let's, let's do it. Okay, all right! Thank you. Thank you all right, Kavisa 197A, yep. Okay, so we are going to be discussing the website status, which has been, I think, a little bit stalled, but I am going to get things hopefully up and running again, once we check in with Wells and Brian and anybody else who needed to finalize some information on there. We do really want to get this going quickly because it's our method for outreach and also just for updated status, speaking of which our next agenda item is going to be my giving some updates from the Msbi Task Force meeting last week, which I attended and was pretty vocal at. We do not have anything, you know really specific to say other than they're rethinking everything so wow, yeah they're rethinking everything is what they said. There were some updates on other things too, like the opioid clinic on around the corner from me on 25th and second is going to be shutting down and they gave some more explanation around that, but in terms of the msbi larger parcels and the sale, you know everything's still on the table, they're looking at all sorts of options in terms of you know, what's going to happen when it's going to happen, they've been delayed, we think a few months, they're saying you know it's not going to be years, it's going to be months, but I want to kind of get ahead of that and get a lot of community outreach going before that be able to update anything that they have onto our website and just keep the neighborhood and the community aware of what's going on Asia did you have something yeah, so the opioid clinic we've talked about this? Is that the one? That's underneath your build like near you yeah it's right downstairs, and it was just coincidental that this is the one they had an audit that happened recently. I guess I do not understand. Oh, I wrote down a lot of notes, so I can share them with you. Okay, thanks yeah, but the audit led to some kind of discrepancy that added up to a 400 discrepancy that was expected. Sorry, I could give you a brief update. Well I mean I just I know it. I think they said that it that that four hundred dollars turned into basically four million dollars of right, so they extrapolated it acrosss everything of all the clinics and all the treatment centers, which is ridiculous, and I believe, for financial reasons, and other reasons at least was coming up on this particular property soon, so they decided to abandon that and reassign and everybody's. They said they're in the process of reassigning all assigning all the clients and they're doing. Okay with that, they do not think it's going to be. You know, they're upset about it. It's not a huge overhaul, but they're saying that this audit process, you know, in their view, is really flawed and the same thing's probably going to happen to other providers that they were kind of picked on first, but this could happen to others. So I did want to you know, connect with the health committee on this and what's going on just yeah. Is this the clinic that had the we had the people in it is it is. I mean it's basically downstairs from my building or around the corner yeah. We had some issues, I mean just speaking as a tenant of a building. That was a good meeting. Yeah I mean we, but the thing is we had actually made progress. You know yeah, that's what I thought right. So it has nothing to do with that. It's just coincidentally, and who knows what's going to go there once they're able to if they're able to sell it or lease it? I mean they've gotten out of the lease, but who knows what's going to go there by the owners? I do not know so. That's so was your group the meeting last week. The task force meeting was that mostly about the CB3 yeah, it was interesting the task force meeting. They actually started with a kind of general update of where they were based on Covid-19, and you know everything. That's happened to their hospital and services as a result, their financial kind of you know just real impact of that, and they started with this this clinic to talk about that piece. But then they moved on to the larger parcels, the msbi site that we're focused on with our 197a committee, and they really just told us what Brad corn had said before that their real estate division is going back to the drawing board on everything I mean based on things. They know now in terms of being able to scale up for something some other event like this, but also understanding that they've done they've had a lot of success with telehealth and other ways of providing treatment when possible. So maybe you know, I think those things will kind of weigh upon each other in terms of how much space what they need to allocate they are moving forward with their downtown. I do not have my notes in front of me, but the clinic that they're already putting in place for lower East side is all moving forward. That piece is all coming together, but I will have a much more in- depth report at the 197a meeting and one other thing they mentioned was they do a health kind of like status survey. I guess every few years a report that they put together and they were actually saying they're open to having individuals or groups be part of that survey process. So it's something that I'm going to try to find out the timing. I know they wanted to release this report. I think end of the year or beginning of 2021, I'm going to find out how much time we have and if it's something we could actually put on that one on the problem in place, mspi web page that we've put together, it would be good. It would be a good way to kind of you know, outreach to communities and say you can you can take the survey and, in addition to like our information in our website, too yeah that'd be great yeah. So hopefully, that's why I want to kind of get the website thing going and I have a lesson in trello coming up with cody this Friday, because I need to keep things on task for this. Knowing the timing and we have a lot of people a lot of hands kind of working on it, so that should get moving and then we are going to touch again on the outreach plans and the community plan. Letty's done a good amount of work on kind of framing some things out, so we'll put that together with a timeline as well a proposed timeline for what we'd like to do, who we'd like to reach out to and when and then we last committee meeting we talked about remapping of the three streets. It was 16th 26th and 30th streets which were d-, mapped or like decommissioned, and the advantages and disadvantages and likelihoods even of those things so we'd like to kind of investigate those further and then the next agenda piece is really discussion of Cross Committee opportunities and hey Adam. I wrote this before you sent me an email about Cross, Committee opportunities, so we're all thinking the same thing. 197A touches upon so many other groups, including land use, obviously health, including health and education pieces and including housing right and there's opportunities there to connect with each of those and I'd like to make sure we have a representative from each of those committees on our working group moving forward and that we have a kind of constant communication and flow going. So we can, we can just be able to leverage anything we're doing in. You know something like George, James or DCP, or any kind of outreach we're doing to find out about things. I think we can work collaboratively on that and that's it and then support old new business. Okay Rick has had his hand up first and then Pam well Kevin. I was I'm glad you mentioned the Inter committee opportunities there, because the report that you mentioned, that is done every two or three years. I think it is it's cyclical. In any event, in previous years they have sometimes made assertions that the community supports x, Y or Z, and they did not consult us right. They took it from someplace else, so whoever does it and it sounds. Maybe it would be more appropriately landing in health than it would be in 197a, but y' all can work that work that out. But oh I'm happy to that's something to really keep on top of because they play a little fast and loose on. They say that they've consulted and they have not done proper, consulting there's. Also, I guess claude- is there still a a cab for there's still a cat and they they actually had Susan and Karen, and myself do part of the survey with them almost recently. Okay good, because that's progress yeah, but they need to do more. They need to reach out specifically to CB6 yeah, yes, yeah, all right! Oh can I just want a couple of quick things before Pam. I just wanted to say I forgot to mention. Yes, I agree with that. Rick on the report. I do think they're, probably missing pieces, and it seems like this seems to be happening really quickly to the point where I do not know how much we can we can weigh in which is a problem. It happens, yeah right and the last thing was they are kind of reassessing. I think Jeremy Unger from Carlina's office asked about reassessing the con with the depart with the DOH, the state level, and they are even reassessing that so we have some opportunity there. I said that we are really clearly want CB6 to be considered as part of this overall plan for moving services out of our community. You know we know it's moving into CB3, but you know here we are right left with a dirge of services and an opportunity to get something we actually hopefully want in our in our community, not just the highest bidder. Who knows, we've been all been talking to them for the longest time, so I know they know that, but we just need to stay on them like seriously. I'm sorry, you had something and in keeping is it my turn, I can speak now. Wait yes, okay! In keeping with the Cross Committee opportunities, I'd like to suggest that maybe the new members be appointed to those community boards that are contiguous to ours and they go to some of those meetings, because I think there's a lot of stuff that happens there. That really pertains to us. I mean, for example, the flat eye. Well, the bid certainly is doing a they're expanding their territory, and there are also interesting things about crime and stuff, like that. I think the other community boards would be really worthwhile for someone to sit on to just know what's going on. Well, we do that. You know so my role as chair, Cl, Kyle's, real as chair will be to you, communicate with all those other. You know chairs with all the other community boards, and so we really talk to them. A lot and keeping you know are on the issues, but also Jesus and the office staff work with their staff. So we're aware of those issues, and then we always have someone on the bids. I mean you're on that right that bid. So we have a lot of touch points I think, but yeah. If anyone wants to ever go to another community boards meetings, I mean I, you know, got one more meeting. I do not know if people are dying to do that, but it's never a bad idea to see how they're run maybe for the newbies. It would be a good thing to see how others work yeah all right, Kavitha, are you good? Okay? Oh Rick is next for budget okay. The district needs statement is due at the end of the month, as Malia was mentioning at the very beginning. She has the big piece. The narrative that she's reviewing now Jesus is providing some of the explanations, or I made some revisions to some of the explanations he's editing and entering them in the air table information. We will get everything done by the end of the month, so we're on kind of a time schedule, but the office has been extremely supportive and their efforts are much appreciated. As far as the agenda goes, the last regular meeting that we had went well- let's just call it a little long, so I'm not going to do that again, and I really just want to focus on how we can use this district needs statement and all the work that's gone into it throughout the year and that's to be one of the things I'm going to be talking about is whether people on the committee can who, what committees they belong to, what they're comfortable taking on. As far as keeping the budget committee up to date, seeing what progress is being made on achieving the priorities, seeing what new things have come up during the year so that we do not get that push at one time and that somebody can just pick it up at the end of the time frame and know what needs to go into the document does not have to keep pounding people. It could be a pretty good man. I think it could be a pretty good management tool, but I'll leave that to kyle how he wants to handle that the. But it's something that I think we can. We can use some of these things more and I- and I just would like to give it a shot. So we're going to talk about how the members of the committee see that happening or not, and then maybe we have some other things that people are not as much aware of about where they get information and that kind of thing I would not. I would not be averse to at some point during the year having a boardwide forum on where some of these info, where some of this information is located to make sure everybody knows where what resources are available to them. I think sometimes we forget how much is available online. Now we've been, we were pushing it for so many years, and now we have a lot of things available and they're not being referred to. So that's something we might want to talk about, whether that's something we want to do as well, but I do intend to try to keep this meeting very short. Maybe 30 minutes get it get it started and then take we'll, probably take a break in December and pick up again in January. Okay, great thanks, rick all right. So next up is housing, enrichments housing, homeless and human rights. Yes, so we have a bunch of stuff stacked up because the last two meetings ago we did this big open forum on homelessness, and then this past week we had a full agenda. So as of right now we have two presentations. Lined up number two is the most significant, because it's a presentation on the new homeless shelter coming to the renwick, which has some neighborhood opposition. So we are going to ideally be able to manage that in a way that keeps the meeting from being disrupted. We have in the number one position, a a law, a long postponed presentation by good shepherd, which is a runs an. What do you call it intake, shelter on East, 17Th, Street and we've been meaning to have them in for a while for teens right for teens? Yes, we're thinking of our atf kids come there, that's what we know too, that they'll go to good shepherd, which I'm curious to see how much of back and forth is there yeah I mean I'm I'd like to have them come. We were going to have them come earlier. We do have one resolution, possibly to be discussed, which is the Community opportunity, Purchase act, which is about enabling local institutions and stakeholders to buy residential, to have right first refusal to buy residential buildings. I think we have a someone preparing a resolution on this. Oh, I can't remember because it's from two meetings ago, Jeff Zelen- perhaps yes, that okay- this is this- is the thing Jeff Zellen is working on. You know: we've we have the possibility to do another. No, actually we probably will have the the resolution on Community Board 10's, exonerated five exhibit for this month's full board, so that will already be covered. That was a great presentation. They gave that was really very thorough. It's kind of overwhelming yeah. It was overweight, yes, but it was really like special. I mean it would be nice just to digest it separately and I think they cody asked for that to have it available, for you know online at our site, so we can have people be able to share that and rich. You guys did a great job at the meeting on Monday night that was very well handled. I do not think you know, I think I know people still wanted to be heard and they could come back to the other meeting. There was a miscommunication right. I mean somebody had said it was going to be on our agenda, the redwick item and it just it was not so oh Corinne's. Here too, I just saw that she's here but yeah. I think you guys did a great job and I mean all the committees when we have issues like that, it's you know. You know you want people to be heard, but I think some of the people just wanted to know why it was there. You know the questions, so the core is coming and DHS is coming for that meeting. So it looks like we'll. It'll be well covered, yeah good. All right! Is it anything else? No, okay! So then exec is November 18th and Basa yep. So as of now, agenda is in formation. We've again been seeing some uptick in the number of applications for renewals and then just new operating license. As well, which is encouraging, so hopefully we see more November as well. We have something scheduled this month about a presentation on decriminalizing sex work. So if there's any follow- up we'll do more presentations on that in the following months as well. Okay, thank you, land use, Adam, it looks like Rick would like the floor. Oh Rick, can I just this sex workers resolution has been bothering me because it's been you've been talking about it for a long time, and the thing that I'm getting concerned about is that some of our resolutions are not being framed in ways that they apply necessarily to our district, and I mean the big issues like so. For example, the last in the last meeting there were two things that nobody's going to be against nobody's going to be against theaters. What was lacking in the resolution was how it impacts theaters in our district and this, and I think that in something like sex workers, I'm a little concerned that it makes it makes it look like we're going after the wrong topics for public consumption, whether it's a valid point or not. It's just a question for me of whether the community board should be paying it should be putting this as a priority, and I just would I just wanted to throw out that comment, because it's been I've been thinking about it for a long time. Can I respond well Kyle. Do you yeah? I was going to provide some context, but if Pam has a comment, she can go ahead. Well, I just Wanna say that you know there are lots of sex workers. When the hotel was opened on my corner. They were busy as hell every night and there was a lot of action in cars and what have you I mean, I think they're all over the city, and I think that we do not even know how much activity is going on and I think it's a really important resolution so to so to provide further context and clarification. There is no resolution in formation. This is merely presentation and information gathering, so we've reached out to an organization called Decrim ny, which has done a lot of advocacy work. A couple of our elected officials have actually put out legislation, which is we're not really sure what the status is on that so to kind of follow up on that and to just kind of hear what their priorities are, their strategies. The aclu also just recently put out a report on it as well a lot. Some of the questions that you're asking are important and that's part of the presentation as well- is that there's actually kind of hard to find data on this particular two- hour district, which is another part of the conversation, because it is illegal right now, and so it's kind of hard to figure out how exactly it is impacting this district in particular whether it is the number of workers or the number of customers. There have been issues in the past that even preceding me on the board that I'd read through the media of you know: locations throughout the district that were then under police surveillance, or you know, then shut down because of such operations. So this is information gathering. There is no resolution on it. Our committee is there to ask those questions and then to determine if there is a potential resolution going forward, but particularly with everything that's going on with the health pandemic. There were a lot of people who were affected by this economically, who did not who lost their economic means, who did not have access to health care and then even some public benefits, because this is not considered an occupation. So we want to hear from these organizations that have been advocating from it, which includes the Aclu just to get information on it. So yeah one other thing, which is that what you could do is ask people on your committee who have dogs because they're out there walking their dogs, they see everything that's going on and they would be good anecdotal in, for you know, information gathering, sure yeah. Anybody who wants to attend whether they're walking dogs or not, is absolutely free to attend and provide their perspective on it as well. I mean part of this is also that is. It is a taboo subject, so people might not be willing to talk about it, but it does affect particularly people of color, and we just want to make sure that we're staying on top of issues that could be of you know of importance to our district yeah. I hear what Rick's saying I mean. I think that we have done that before we we've strayed from issues that are actually within our district or that are you know, concerns that are issues that are within our district, and I think you know just to we all every committee should keep that in mind yeah, so that's great yeah, and especially for the feedback on the resolutions. I think something that could have made it sharper now in retrospect is to highlight the specific theaters within our district, because we kind of know from our own experiences that there are theaters and comedy clubs and other independent venues. So definitely in any future resolutions I'll incorporate that feedback to pinpoint specific ways it affects our district yeah. All right, thank you. It looks like Rick is requesting the floor. I'm sorry just one last thing. I appreciate that very much kyle and I'm not saying that there is not sex work going on in this in our district. But the fact that you're and the fact that you're doing information gathering is fine. I think we have to just be a little bit more careful about what we, what we're presenting to the community as of interest to the Community Board, and I think that this issue is on the edge. I understand where you're coming from, I think getting information is always useful, but if we have not had anything about small businesses and how what we do not, we have not done a survey of small businesses. We do not know who's in trouble. Is there some way we can get information to them? If we go too far away from our central mission as a community board to items that are that make that the community does not understand why we're looking at then I think we can be faulted, but you know the information gathering, fine, the way you've described it, kyle, comfortable, yeah, absolutely and then yeah. Obviously, this summer was when we were doing all of that. You know connecting with restaurant associations and small businesses and obviously a lot of resolutions came out of that, so we're continuing to stay in touch with them, and you know you know check up on how outdoor dining is working and with this indoor capacity and everything. So we are me we're doing you know we are making sure that we're doing everything at once. So thank you. No, but that's constructive feedback. I do appreciate it and thank you. Thank you. Thank you and then now do we have a new date for that committee. Is that the November 19th is a new date. That is the rescheduled date, oh god, okay, because that's not when is thanksgiving the twenty okay got it all right, so Adam for land use everybody! So for the November meeting we essentially have two items. The first one is dcpa, is going to come and give a pretty lengthy presentation about their new Resiliency text, amendment and so they've distributed materials already to the to us and issued a series of press releases and materials. So I'll go ahead and forward that to the committee they're looking for a resolution and they're looking to sort of move that process along. The second item is for 343 Madison Avenue. This was held over from a few committees ago. The this group is now ready to present to us and then just the general standing items, the standing updates for escr, and that's that for the meeting coming up on Monday, it's actually going to be a lot. It's the echo of the theme of the evening. It's going to in theory be pretty light. We were hoping to have some a conversation about mih and sort of the state of the district. However, you know discussing amongst the amongst sandy and as Kevitha you know said earlier. You know we're looking to sort of do some more cross- pollination amongst the the various groups regarding this issue. So we're us chairs are hopefully going to talk in the near future and sort of map out strategies and other sorts of things to how to sort of direct our committees to focus on these very important issues where we're sort of on a united front. You know as a community board so since this committee meeting is actually going to be pretty light, Sandy er excuse me not sandy molly we're hoping to sort of amplify those sinkhole issues at our meeting, just to sort of maybe do something about it. Maybe issue sort of a reza or kind of work to some a reso, a larger reza that potentially could be passed in November great and then I also had this on my notes: the Ddc mfm construction project, the water main project, they're staging areas, and I you know they're taking up a lot of the street and even like a big chunk of the service road. Where there's like there's some trees and bushes growing in there at 33rd and 2Nd Avenue, I mean it's just it's a neglected staging area. They do not. They have not used it in a long time. So I think we need to stay on them and I guess that's maybe a service issue with the office, but I'll just copy you, and maybe even transportation, committee too, and then the office is trying to reschedule that DOT Ddc meeting for the second Avenue. I think again the D.O.T is still trying to figure it out. There's some timing issues but like they, it's in October, right, October start for the protected bike lane, but the pro I think this project is in the way most of this project is moved over to first Avenue right now, and I do not know if they plan on, but if it's in first avenue there would be no reason to put the second Avenue protected bike lane in right well on their social media. They release something I think, on their twitter and potentially instagram pages that the Second Avenue fixes are coming soon. You know it's not just us anymore. They released their sort of four box thing, so I do not know what that means that was like over a week ago, though right that was that was a while ago right, but it seems to be when they do that. That's sort of the them firing the gun for the for the race races to begin. So I'm hopeful. Well, excuse me, I'm going to remove all adjectives. It just exists. Yeah, we'll just keep we'll just keep pushing them, we'll just keep pushing them. Adam just to be clear agenda. Item number two on 343 Madison Avenue is still tentative. They might, they might be ready for November. There is a possibility that they'll have to push this over to December. Okay. Yes, so then that's fine! Well, actually, so that's a whole other issue, our December, our slated December meeting, I think, is like the 30th or 31st or something along those lines. So I think we might have we. I guess we'll cross, that bridge when we get there- and I just remember that this is going to be interesting because I'll be in Cincinnati, so that Monday so you'll live from the Queen City. You know so the your November meeting will remain on the 23rd yep. I mean I'll pull the I'll pull the committee to see. If there is an issue, and if there is we can, we can potentially move it, but all right if you'd, like cody, can easily send a poll to your committee and right. Would you like us to do that? Yeah well yeah we'll go ahead and do it we'll have we'll I'll touch base on tomorrow to send to send something out, because potentially it could be an issue. It's a tricky time, but you know, except for I guess yeah. I do not know how many of us potentially will be traveling or you know, potentially inconvenience. So maybe this will be the most opportune time to have it. You know who knows so we'll pull the committee. I'm sorry! I forgot. I forgot one last item, there's another item that I'm hoping to sort of touch base on the committee. You know there's a lot of sort of movement, that's going on with the Soho and the Noho rezonings to the south of our district as sort of this sort of develops more we're, hoping to sort of ask DCP more about this to get a better understanding and particularly like what exactly is going on down there and if there's any sort of lessons learned or any act or applicability to our district as well. So that's just we're hoping to be mindful of this committee. Will you will you please keep housing informed about that because we're all? Oh, absolutely yeah, all the committees right I mean there yeah. There are a lot of issues around and I think there are several areas that we've kind of somewhat identified and with city electeds that they've identified or areas that could be slightly up. Zoned- and I know that's a dirty word but to add you know a little. You know there's some empty buildings empty storefronts that probably could use you know a new building at the site, so yeah all right. Thank you all right, so John Keller Health and education hi. First of all, I'd like to thank Brendan from the office staff for taking up some slack in the last few weeks. I was not well for a couple of weeks and I just want to acknowledge his valuable role of Jesus there. So we will have a. We were we're going to have a hopefully a very substantive discussion on school reopening at our November meeting and the reason we pushed it off, as I mentioned at full board, is the key data point. We have a nice survey already to go to principals and pas, but the key data point is how many people have left our schools and right now there is a lot of anecdotal evidence. That number is very high, that the families that just did not show up this this fall and by the end of October. The principals have to report this number through, and so I do have a question. I was going to seek the guidance of the executive committee here in line with Rick Egger's comment on earlier. In terms of surveying the schools. I can limit it to the schools in our zone, which would be 59,116 salk. The elementary school in the building was Saul Baruch, River School. I think I've got them all. I might have missed one, but or I could extend the survey to all of the schools in zones covered by council members Kalos and Rivera as well. As you know, those schools that are more a lot more fall in Keith, so I just would should I focus just on CB6 schools, which would probably be about a half dozen or could I should I expand it to a group of schools that could be 15 or 20 schools? You know you know going up to ps6. Ps290 to you know two 267., you know Yorkville east. You know I just would like some guidance from the from the committee on that I mean we'll have a robust discussion, whatever it is, but just looking for guidance from from yeah, I would say in speaking with Rick's comment before like we, it needs to stay within the district. I mean you know we're. We get all sorts of questions on how's. You know the temporary housing and shelter and CB5 we've been trying to get that for people out of courtesy, but like that's, really CB5 and they're, not the CB6 zone. That's what you're saying I mean I do not know if anyone else has any kyle or claude Corinne. I do not know if anyone else has comments that or have experience with the schools. The districts Asia. My suggestion is John is to do our district, but what you can do is reach out to the education committees at the other boards and see, if they'd like to do a joint one and then expand it. But you have to remember these, like it's going to be a Google survey that our office does, I'm assuming I'm just. I just do not know if that increases the level of work, but it may also extend the time period because the other boards may want to add questions or they could replicate the same type of report, and then you could combine all that information yeah, maybe just maybe just inform them. That excuse me, maybe just inform them that we're doing this, but keep the focus on the schools in our zone. I think, is probably the prudent thing to do, because there are enough. I mean there's enough schools and anecdotally already there's a lot of a lot of stories around, and one of the reasons I pushed this off to November is: I did not want to have a discussion without data and so we'll be able to have it and in fact, if I have the data by the full board meeting, I might make a more robust report than usual to the full board and was anyone at the did John? Did you attend or Jesus the D.O.E borough wide meeting today? No, I did not. I did not Jesus did someone from the office. I do not know I attended. There were lots of things going on, but notes will be, will be released from that and I can pass those along yeah. I know there's you know it's just a ever- changing landscape, so I'm sure by November 24th. You know wow, who knows what's in storefront, it's very concerning and yeah it is yes, Shaw requests the floor. Oh so, hey John! I just wanted to ask you know I think if you, I have no dog in the fight in terms of like which school districts to survey, but I'm curious what you're hoping to do with the data, because that might direct you know who we want to expand that kind of quote-, unquote perimeter to you to, because you know if it's asking for more resources because of Xyz reason, obviously scale will be an implication whether it's pro scale or negative scale. So I do not know if you want to just think about what you're hoping to do with the information it might kind of direct. You know how to best utilize that resource yeah. My first objective is a robust and meaningful discussion, hopefully with parents and teachers from the school and since we're going to have a whole month's notice, I'm going to make sure we have someone from DOE there to answer questions. My second objective would be if there is enough substantive data related to schools in our zone, that we would have to rick's point. You know a zone- focused resolution of concern about one or more schools in the zone. We just do not have the we just do not have the data yet, but those would be my two objectives. Is there another hand up or Iran Vanderdonk request the floor thanks thanks John, I'm just wondering if you know anything or if you have a quick update about the availability for Wi- fi for students, you know maybe some of the fall off that you know you're, anticipating might be because that's one of the questions, I'm sorry Queen. I interrupted you pardon me no you're right, you know interrupt me. It's great! That's one of the questions in the survey actually and then I was going to get you know. Doe the does perspective. I know there was some press today on Wi- fi issues, but not specifically in any of our schools. But one of the questions on the survey is, you know, students in temporary housing, access to Wi- fi, whether they've been given computers. I mean these are all things that are in the survey. Okay, I mean, I know in my son's school school the future, which is just outside of our yeah. That's one of the schools, I'm thinking about. Actually, you know yeah it's just outside of the out of the CB6. You know, but it's literally there are a lot of parents from CB6 who send their kids there, which is yeah, and you know yeah, so the emails that we were getting was that they no longer had were able to provide any devices to anyone they were just out, and that was it and yeah so yeah well. This is all. Unfortunately, this is what you're right. This is anecdotal. The Anecdotally I heard from another school, where the guidance counselors were actually going out, distributing the devices taking them to the homes of the parrots. So this is really where it would be useful to get some real data. So we're not just having that right. It's true it's troubling. We should I mean we should be on it now right, not wait till November 24th, that's right! That's why we're getting at it right now and looking at it right now, but in terms of and as I said, I hope to have a more robust report for the full board meeting in two weeks, because the end of November is too far away from it for this yeah. Now, if there's anything, we can do help with the homeless. You know the of housing and homeless can help in some way. Let us know, because you know definitely the Wi- fi issue comes into our per you know and in fact, if we get to the point, if there's enough data that warrants a result for the full board, you know I'd like to co- sponsor. You know, have our two committees as we've done in the past, you know co- sponsors, okay, John, just to clarify this survey is it needs to be built, or it already has been. I I've developed it and sent it around to the committee and the feedback was very positive, so but the main piece of feedback from people like claude and others very familiar with how our schools work is that we won't have the information on how many kids actually showed up until the end of October, because that's when they have to make it available and as far as its dissemination is concerned, will you need the office's help on that? Or will you handle that? I will now that I'm at the point where it's getting practical to think about it, yeah I'll approach you and through Brendan, and let's figure out the best way to the best way to do it might make. It probably makes more sense to have it come from you guys than from me, but I can send a form out, but you guys are probably much better at that than I am okay I'll give Brendan a heads up to expect your communication yeah great. Thank you all right is that it John anything else. No, I think, that's you know we're okay! Thank you! That's good! Okay! Thank you all right! So am I is there? Is there anything more on the agenda? Are we at old and new business? I think we're I think, we're at the end. I did want to say old and new business. I started some of you missed, but I started on public urination at the start of the call and we're going to end on public urination, so as John's drinking his water, the talking with Jesus there are- and you all know- and I know housing and homeless Committee has worked on this before getting some phone booths removed. We have a lot of phone booths in the in the district that do not have phones in them. We have a lot of phone booths that have phones in them, but the phones do not work. So I was planning on doing 3-, 1- 1 calls and I've done a few, but Jesus suggested that we just take pictures. You know, I know, obviously, to grab the phone and see if it works or not is kind of gross, but you know if you're daring enough do. Please do that, but take a picture of the location, send the picture to the office and we'll just really try to tackle that. So it's do it and I think am I correct in saying it's NYPD as well has to approve these removals. Yes, so if every committee, I'm not sure, it's really might be a transportation and public Safety committee issue, because it is kind of a public safety and again like a lot of them just smell like urinals, they are urinals, you know and so they're in they're gross they're dirty and they take up a lot of sidewalk space. So it's a DOT issue too they're responsible for the sidewalk. So if you can all do that, I do not know. Maybe just even have that as an announcement at at your committee meeting Matt. You know that might be really helpful, but I'll certainly start doing that more and send it to the office and Jesus. No three one just send it to the office, just send it to the office. Okay. So we'll just I mean exact location. Yes, so please help me, and I do not know- and I do not know if any of you other it's just a pet peeve and we barely have sidewalks in most of the district, so any precious just you know, sidewalk space being taken up by these. You know empty useless pieces of you know. Old phone booths is a waste of space. So with that anything else, older new business- oh someone else is not adam. You have your hands. So what so? What's the ask? So you just want to take photos and map where the phone booths are or do you want us to like describe this, the state you know I do not think Jesus wants to see that you could just say, I'm sure the photo will be telling enough and just send it to a good one. You know like send into no sonnets no limericks necessary, but send it to help at Cbsix.Org help at cbsix.org. Please do not send it to office. Please do not send it to individuals, send it to help. It helps us track those a little better. Okay, thank you. Anyone else older new business- oh Kyle, yeah, I just before we end just Wanna- thank you again for your leadership over the past couple of years, big shoes to fill, of course, but happy that you're still on the board to help us through a lot of these issues. So I know it's your final meeting so just wanted to thank you for everything that you've done for us. Thank you Kyle. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Everyone, hey, okay, I'm going to go have dinner is meeting an adjourned. Are we good? Oh wait? No, I'm real called. We have to do another roll call. No, that's the only thing. Okay! Thank you. Okay, good night, everybody meeting adjourned all right, bye.",
            "summary": "I won't talk about too much, but I just want to continue to focus on the things we've been focusing on open space and making sure our waterfront is safe and accessible, and all the things that transportation issues are really important to me.\nThere are all sorts of safety issues around there, just with all the different conditions with the traffic and foot traffic, You, know, bikes and so on so again for transportation, land use a lot of different committees.\nI just want to mention that we have been seeing increased participation and attendance virtual attendance in our meetings and because the office has been trying to do it and increase its efforts to let the community know about what meetings are coming up and what's on the agenda, and you guys have been doing a great job at having very interesting things on your agendas and when people sign up, we give them the option of signing up for our newsletter there And we're trying to really get more notice paid to the work that CB6 is doing as a quick minutes update for Basa.\nThis came up because something a presentation about CitiBike kind of overlaps with my work, so I think that we might be able to push this to December the CitiBike presentation and just cancel the meeting for this month.\nAnd then there'll be a chairs report and old and new business, and That's it folks and pam for your third agenda item the street open street application.\nYou'd like us to invite perhaps sandy from the transportation We, do really want to get this going quickly, because it's our method for outreach and also just for updated status, speaking of which our next agenda item is going to be my giving some updates from the Msbi Task Force meeting last week, which I attended and was pretty vocal.\nToo, like the opioid clinic on around the corner from me on 25th and second, is going to be shutting down and they gave some more explanation around that, but In terms of the msbi larger parcels and the sale, you know everything's still on the table, they're, looking at all sorts of options in terms of, it's going to be months, but I want to kind of get ahead of that and get a lot of community outreach going before That be able to update anything that they have onto our website and just keep the neighborhood and the community aware of.\nIt's, not a huge overhaul, but they're saying that this audit process, you know, in their view, is really flawed and the same thing's probably going to happen to other providers that they were kind of picked on first.\nMaybe you know, I, think those things will kind of weigh upon each other in terms of how much space what they need to allocate.\nThat piece is all coming together, but I will have a much more in- depth report at the 197a meeting and one other thing they mentioned They do a health kind of like status, survey.\nKnowing the timing and we have a lot of people a lot of hands kind of working on it, so that should get moving Then we are going to touch again on the outreach plans and the community plan.\nLetty's done a good amount of work on kind of framing some things out, so we'll put that, together with a timeline as well a proposed timeline for what we'd like to do, who we'd like to reach out to and when And then we last committee meeting we talked about remapping of the three streets.\nSo we'd, like to kind of investigate those further and then the next agenda piece is really discussion of Cross Committee opportunities and hey Adam.\n197A touches upon so many other groups, including land, use, obviously health, including health and education pieces and including housing And, I'd like to make sure we have a representative from each of those committees on our working group moving forward and that we have a kind of constant communication and flow going.\nIn, keeping with the Cross Committee opportunities, I'd like to suggest that maybe the new members be appointed to those community boards that are contiguous to ours and they go to some of those meetings, because I think there's a lot of stuff that happens.\nA lot and keeping you know are on the issues, but also Jesus, and the office staff work with their staff.\nAs far as keeping the budget committee up to date, seeing what progress is being made on achieving the priorities, seeing what new things have come up during the year so that we do not get that push at one time and that somebody can just pick it up at the end of the time frame and know what needs to go into.\nSo we're going to talk about how the members of the committee see that happening or not, and then maybe we have some other things that people are not as much aware of about where they get information and that kind of thing I would not.\n, I, think I know people still wanted to be heard , I mean somebody had said it was going to be on our agenda.\nOkay, thank you, land, use, Adam, Oh Rick, can I just this sex workers resolution has been bothering me because it's been you've been talking about it for a long, time, and What was lacking in the resolution was how it impacts theaters in our district and this, and I think that in something like sex, workers, I'm a little concerned that it makes it makes it look like we're going after the wrong topics for public consumption, whether it's a valid point or not.\nIt is a taboo subject, so people might not be willing to talk about it, but it does affect particularly people of color, and we just want to make sure that we're staying on top of issues that could be of you know of importance to our district All. Every committee should keep that in mind: And I'm, not saying that there is not sex work going on in this in our district.\nSo since this committee meeting is actually going to be pretty light, Sandy er excuse me not sandy molly Maybe issue, sort of a reza or kind of work to some a reso, a larger reza that potentially could be passed in November, great The, Ddc, mfm construction, project, the water main project You know they're taking up a lot of the street and even like a big chunk of the service, road.\nWe were we're going to have a hopefully a very substantive discussion on school reopening at our November meeting and the reason we pushed it."
        }
    }
}