{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "MCB4",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjXB7nX8bL2U2sje8d212Yw",
            "title": "MCB4 Executive Committee meeting",
            "publishDate": "2020-10-27",
            "shortDescription": "",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:16:05"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "MCB4",
            "normalizedName": "Manhattan Community Board 4",
            "twitterName": "Community Board 4",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Manhattan Community Board 4",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVuHwITcFASNggyVX847NNg",
            "twitterHandle": "@ManhattanBoard4",
            "dateCheckLast": "10/8/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "L92tc4z4n3o",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 102,
                "um": 153
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "46 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "6 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "paragraph": 34,
                "shelter": 26,
                "budget": 25,
                "family": 24,
                "expense": 21,
                "capital": 21,
                "task": 17,
                "force": 17,
                "sanitation": 16,
                "basket": 14
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "shelter": 8,
                "sanitation": 7,
                "basket": 7,
                "budget": 6,
                "family": 6,
                "housing": 5,
                "capital": 5,
                "task": 4,
                "force": 4,
                "requests": 4
            },
            "fullTranscript": "Because we were late, we were wrapping up yep Mr Bodine. Why is Lowell's name under me on in my face? That's what I meant it was like about six people with your name on it. Oh yeah, everybody needs to rename themselves. I think somehow Lowell's link got sent out. That is the link to everyone. Huh yeah, all right, we're playing. What's my line tonight. Well, the real lol current. Please stand up all right. Jeffrey and Jessica are too young to remember that. I was about to say that it's a generational thing. I know I just also know that we only need one of you. What you do not want more. That's a nice one, dorothy Kilgallon! Oh yeah was not she the one christian. He was there yeah that was kitty. Carlisle, kitty carlisle, yes, yeah, I'm older than I look. I think Dorothy gilgallo was in the other, show no was not she there all righty everybody. We got Quorum and I'm going to start the meet. You start recording, so we're done playing once my line and we're now playing Manhattan community board for Executive Committee. Welcome everyone! Sorry for the delay. We blame Paul Devlin and his for not being able to run his nominating committee properly. You voted already right, Paul. The first item on the agenda is the report from the budget task force. So I will turn this over to the chair of the budget task force our Sen once in future. Second Vice Chair, Jessica J. Thank you lol. So many of you participate in the budget task force, just to recap for everybody we over the last two sets of meetings not quite two months, but almost two months task force committees have had the opportunity to review past budgets, make new requests and Jesse, and the office had prepared a very helpful sheet for re- ranking past priorities, adding in additional priorities that are just new and then also adding and identifying priorities which were specific to Covid-19. Again, these are budget priorities that will impact next budget cycle, so July one. This is Fy22 and as a parallel process, we also did a survey which will share the results with you shortly, but we had over 300 or just about 300 participants from across the community, and I think their feedback combined with really the narrative that we heard from the committees, as well as the budget task force itself, really looked to emphasize the issues of homelessness and housing, education and sanitation, and so when you, when we go through if we'd like to go through now or we can just take your feedback on the budget task force met last week to begin the process of prioritizing both on the expense and capital side, as is typical and, as has been done in past years, not so easy, there's a fully a recognition that I think we're all aware of that. The city is going to have a lot less money going forward and that you know really basic essential services need to be insured and sustained. But even still those are you know. Those are big important asks in a budget that is undoubtedly going to be very tight, so we do have Jesse. I do not know if you want to share or they're in the dropbox, but we do have updated capital priorities and expense priorities. We also have a document which is the statement of district needs, she's still waiting on some updates too. So all of this remains more or less in draft form, but does reflect the direction we are going, which is to prioritize the three areas I mentioned: homelessness and housing, education and sanitation, jessie anything you'd care. To add to that. No I mean, I think, and you know what we sort of asked each committee to do is to review the existing requests from last year. You know streamline them for anything, that's already been funded or has some somewhat funding, and then you know include any kind of Covid-19 specific or you know new requests, and I think in general we found that committees. You know, as you guys all know, committees really kind of made the Covid-19 requests or the requests related to the impact that cobit has had as their primary as their you know top priorities and let the last year's requests sort of shift down a little bit. You know in some cases, and so I sent I sent the capital and the expense requests to you guys this morning or maybe early this afternoon. I apologize for the lateness of it. I can put them up on the screen. If that's helpful, we can. We can look at them all if that's what we want to do or if there's people that have questions about them and I've had a chance to review them. You know we can go for that way. So I, whichever way, I will just also add that we did go through again this morning with a fine- tooth comb to try to catch typos and phrasing and periods, and things like that. I will do that again after this meeting. If you have any edits that you're catching both in the two budget documents or the statement of district needs, please feel free to send them to me, but I think what we're really looking for in terms of your approval today is really the direction of these documents, knowing that they will be tweaked and fine- tuned on the margins between now and the board next week. Paul has his hand up Jessica. Oh I'm sorry Paul. No, that's all right an important conversation about the priorities I was reading through the expense and capital spreadsheets today and was kind of surprised that there were so many sanitation issues so high up on our priorities, but because it did not. I had not heard a whole lot about that in the past, and so I'm glad to hear km out of the survey that was done in the community and that's more of a community component. That's pressing us there, but I am questioning why some of those things did move higher up than some of our more. What I consider more pressing in housing and education issues, notably bat basket collection, is a higher priority than the elevators at NYCHA, and I just think that might be a misrepresentation of our overall sense of priorities as a community sure. I think I think one of the things that's kind of happening and, as I just shared in the last meeting, I'm still also new to this. But is this prioritization? You know recognizing that each ask ultimately gets to you know what goes to NYCHA. Is not necessarily seen or the department you know, HPD is not necessarily seen by sanitation, and so there is an effort to kind of move things and show a variety of issues at the top recognizing that, ultimately, each department, New York City Department, gets the priorities that are related to their work and their work. Only. I think, there's also an element of things that are what are priorities to be budget items that are reinstated versus new money and doing something new, and so there was a regular kind of reference to like what do we think is actually possible or what is a longer term ask. That is something we have been advocating for a long time, whereas I think a lot of the sanitation cuts are very specific to again not Covid-19 in the sense that Covid-19 did not cause sanitation to not be picked up, but rather the budget related to some of the challenges our city's experiencing because of Covid-19 have impacted the amount of sanitation, pickup and clean up. But there are others with many budget task. Force committee members here who have committees who have heard issues on this and written letters on this, is there anyone else who would want to speak to why sanitation is so high up on the list repeatedly. I would say that we have heard, and I think we all agree that with the you know the empty storefront and we do not want the district to look direct and we wanted to really improve the environment and the perception that it is in good shape and the pickup of Garbage and the pickup at the corners are very important part of that, because everybody sees it. So I see it as a as a part of Covid-19, which is part of the recovery, which is important. So we keep. We keep a clean and healthy environment, especially because the especially because that's well yeah, all right can I have one thing: Paul yeah, just because I think what you're looking at expense right. Well, I saw I noticed in both expense and capital. There were. It seemed a mis- skewing of our priorities, but so I mean in I believe in capital. Elevators for all of the NYCHA buildings is one of the top priorities yeah, which is the big ask. Obviously I mean so. Sanitation very rarely has a capital priority, and so it's most of its most of the priorities that come from sanitation would be coming from expense, and so in that way I think it also aligns with the fact that, like if we want to make this something, you know that does get that can be resolved and that could be resolved. You know we want to give sanitation, we want to give sanitation. You know some space, some some level of priority in where we could put it. You know we're, there's just nothing in capital really for sanitation. So that's why all the NYCHA stuff is, you know relatively high in capital, so I mean I you know. I think if you talk about the balancing out of this, the staffing request for NYCHA elevator repair people, then I think maybe we can look at that, but I do not know what the difference off the top of my head. I do not know the number difference between that, but all right so, but if I look at if I look at operating expenses right, we have basket collection as a priority for, but we have providing students with access to enrichment and nourishment programs is number 10. We have expanding homelessness prevention, programs below emptying the corner, trash cans and I think that preventing homelessness feeding the students in the schools is more important to us than emptying the corner. Wastebaskets. To make this community board this community district appear less derelict. I mean, I think, that you know, given that we're facing a budget cut. I think our priorities have to be more aligned with what we recognize will happen so Jeffrey it sounds like yeah. Maybe I'm looking at the wrong. I'm sorry Paul. Can you just I'm sorry Jeffrey Okay Murray go ahead. Paul, I was just going to ask which one are you looking at again expense or so? If you look at expenses yeah, it might be on the wrong one. If you look at the expense budget priorities that link that's in the dropbox they're prioritized and the fourth highest priority coming out of this community board is provide more frequent, litter basket collection, whereas the sixth is expand, homeless prevention programs, the tenth is providing students with access to enrichment programming. I just feel like sanitation, although it is a high priority from our community survey. I do not know that we, as a board, will want to put that higher up than eating our kids in schools and preventing homelessness, yeah I'll, let Jeffrey respond and then eventually I'll have something mine's twofold in the response. The key behind it. The nuts and bolts is when it goes to agency. Dhs will not see any of the sanitation reports, so those will be re- prioritized accordingly, based on agency. I think that's really important, because when we boiled it down, we had to put into buckets if we have to pick one issue to address the homeless factor right now. It's item, one is number one in the creation of more. You know: affordable housing program through DHS that stuff and we had or sorry that's number three. Actually I scrolled down. Well, it's one and three, both one and three yeah, so that to me puts at the very top the priorities. We need a clean and safe district with access to more housing for new Yorkers, and I recognize that it's difficult to put that before the feeding of kids or any education priority after that, but it's one of the most visible aspects of the city, and yet it's continuously the first thing on the chopping block. I'm sorry just to be clear guys: it's not feeding the kid. I think you're just reading that wrong. It's enrichment programs, it's an it's after school programs did you mean like that? You do not mean the feeding at as in the lunch program right now, whatever you mean like a generic feeding right like okay. That's me reading enrichment programs and just rephrasing it. So I apologize okay, just so you know the Paul, those enrichment programs. There are some there already, it's really more of like what are we going to do now that Covid-19 hit and a lot of our after- school programs kind of we can't do because of the gathering. It's more of that type of thing, like a virtual program. Can we put money in virtual programs, but I do think, as Jeffrey and Jessica were saying, that we do have DOE programs above the basket service, and then we just kind of tempered it out. Does that make sense like if we had all DOE up top and then all homeless, but we do kind of parse it out or we did parse it out yeah. I think that's what Jeffrey is trying to explain. I I'm happy to say that, as we continue, there is some additional feedback that christine and others have provided. So this is not done and happy to take Paul your feedback and, as we continue to revise and refine to make sure that you know that we're looking at it with this lens of making sure that these three priorities continue to get the kind of well prioritization that I'm hearing, I will say that ACES, Leslie and Alan were very vocal on our budget committee to make sure that issues of education and our children were our district. Children were included, and this reflects a product of those discussions. Jill yeah. I have a question: how did the Shelter family shelter get so high on the list? I find it very hard at this juncture, considering our difficulty with shelters that we're going to prioritize that of a affordable housing and NYCHA capital repairs. It really feels like it's we're going to solve this problems first, I think it should be on our list no question but putting it ahead of affordable housing and NYCHA does not seem consistent at all and what was the thinking behind that Jessica sure? Well, if I'm actually trying to locate my original notes, because this family shelter was part of another ask which was connected to downsizing BRC and they were one asked together, and so there was a discussion that actually Maria and Jesse really contributed to about you know. Maybe downsizing BRC is less the focus right now, but the second piece of that the establishment of a family shelter which our district, as I'm told, does not have, would be important. And so it was sort of outside of the context of of the shelt of the ongoing conflict around the shelter population in our district. But rather that this is a need that has been noted and is long- standing. But I certainly should turn it to Maria and Jesse. I talked to Maria about the link between drc and this and when that was the main issue that made sense, but that's not what we are at this moment and I think it's going to be very bad to constituents in the district that we are saying prioritizing another new shelter above permanent, affordable housing or NYCHA capital improvements. It does not read as if we are listening to our community whatsoever. Well, no, I hear Joe, I hear what you're saying I was just going to say, but when we talk about the survey that was just done in the community- and there were, I think, like 300 people who responded to that. The first thing that's coming up is homelessness and we do not even have one permanent family shelter in the district right, but we have a number of family shelter rooms vacated by the city. Right we have it. We have that we have the travel in. We have the skyline, and I guess I'm saying here is it's not just a survey? It's us stepping back and realizing. This is a public document for not just the 300S who monitor the survey but the entire district and given the horrible mismanagement we're dealing with, how does it appear that we say to NYCHA tenants? This is above your ask for elevators or the permanent homeless, permanent housing that we have. I just think we need to keep it on our list, but in the environment, we're in, we need to move it down, and so I was going to ask it sounds like there are other comments, but before I get to Jeffrey and then Christine I do just want to ask Joe specifically like would you? Are you proposing a swap of a NYCHA request? That's further down with this item or like I just would move it. I would not move it after anything. We have the Nitro list and we know we keep them on just to keep them on and keep them going below that simply because the huge number of people live in NYCHA deserve, I believe, more consideration first, because their capital needs are so outstanding right yeah. I think the challenge, and then I guess the challenge just is that we are seeing not just from the survey but also discussions the overwhelming issues related to homelessness in our district. We can move it down because maybe we should, but is there not another budget request we should be making, and maybe it's not on the capital side, it's on the expense. It's really homeless, as prevention, I think that people are what I what I believe coming up. Jessica is with the as all the Covid-19 stuff expires, we're going to have a lot more people having a difficulty, paying rent, sure and the homeless. Intervention part is on the expense side, not the capital side, because by the way, getting a homeless, shelter cited and figured and build it. Building out is a long, much more long term prospect than putting more money homeless prevention to make sure people do not get booted out yeah families. So I think we need to look and I'm making this note, and then I still want to get to christine and Jeffrey or whichever order that was originally, but but that we make sure that, given that request is sufficiently high that we can point to that on the expense side. I'm sorry I did not remember. I do not remember if I said Jeffrey and then Christine or Christine and Jeffrey, so you guys take care with Jeffrey. First, I I'm completely opposite of Joe. We've never shied away from making an ask if it's going to take 10 years to get it done. We often keep it in our book for 10 years, because we know that it's worth the fight, if it's something that we want, I think that, given the fact that more and more people are not going to be able to pay, rent when Covid-19 is over makes me want to double down on the fact that we need a family shelter in the district. So that way, if folks, actually end up going homeless in the district might be a place for them in the districts that they end up. I do not think this also do not go. I'm Joe, I'm I've got the floor. I do not think this reduces the interest of the NYCHA ask either. I think that a lot of NYCHA folks would agree wholeheartedly that homelessness is a major issue and it should be addressed by finding an appropriate family shelter in the district. I think that it's also different than the hotel situation we're dealing with right now, most of which is not family beds. If I'm not mistaken, all single you're correct, so I joe we are often always in lockstep on this stuff, and it was a struggle for me to actually have this creep up so high and it was not just because of the survey. It was also because of all the work the Community board actually has been doing. Irrespective of this survey that the budget task force put out. So I you know, my thought is that we have a lot of single hotels etc, and I think if we could change that to say, convert a shelter to family. A current shelter to family would be maybe where we want to go, because I understand what Joe is saying: we want to decrease the number. So why are we asking for more and then we want permanent housing, which is very important, but in between, if we could convert some of the a single you know adult into family housing. I think people want to see also that we are. We are creating a platform for housing people. Thank you christine. I see Dale and then Maria. Thanks on this point on this budget line item. I understand the interest the current interest based on what's been going on, is to deconcentrate the services, not necessarily like net increase or decrease in the district. So maybe this can be articulated in a way that it works towards that end and also has the family component yeah. Thank you, Maria. I'm just wondering if we were to move, let's say three down to right after the NYCHA asks regarding the elevator I mean something that we were talking about just a few minutes ago is that it does not really matter. If it's, let's say three versus five, because it goes to the agency in the order it go and I'm looking at the top like six of them and it's for different agencies. So I'm just curious is it? Does it make a significant difference if we have it at three versus at six yeah? So a few more things, one is Jeffy the family shelter system. You do not get to choose with shelter, you go to a central entry point and because people from our neighborhood they have zero guarantee to come here. So from the from the outside point of view. Looking in we're increasing the number of beds, this was a specific ask in my recollection, to decrease the single beds at BRC and say: we'd prefer to have family beds, we've now decoupled it. So it's not so clear and the second part is. We were approached in the middle of all the temporary relocation by DHS to open a family shelter on 41st street, for women in need, and we told them go packing right now, because no one would ever get it through. It's a mixed message: I'm very concerned that the board understands all of our documents, work in concert and we're putting out something. You have to be very consistent, so think about that as we're proceeding ahead here on how to make it work, because it does not work right now to put it so much toward the top. It's not just deconcentration. It's saying we have so many beds blah, so you got to think about it. Thank you, Joe! Is there any Jd and then Bert just quickly? I thought christine's suggestion was good on the face of it, but we need to be aware that the community is very concerned about these hotels becoming permanent shelters yeah. So we need to keep that in mind. Thanks can I can I jump in here for a second Jessica yeah, please just because there's history here. The reason why these two requests were put together were because they were separate for a very long time. We lost a fan. We lost a family shelter years ago and ever since then that had been a request from you guys from the community to you guys wanted a family shelter. You welcomed the family, shelter and then what had ended up separately happening was BRC and the BRC issue being the number of beds and the impact on the community, and then I think two about two cycles ago. These two, these two requests combined. So they were not never really initially together, but they were together for like the last two years, and so I just want to give that history there that this request for the at least a family, shelter has been something that's been on of. On your guys's priority list, pretty somewhat high up for a bit. That's all I wanted to say thank you Jesse, I think Bert and then Leslie yeah. I wanted to Maria respond to something that you had said, because I was myself internally saying: what are we spending time arguing if something should be six or seven or ten or eleven, since it goes directly to the agencies? One agency does not see the other, but then I answered myself- and I think I have an answer for you Maria- is that we know that okay, but sometimes the document also has a life of its own, regardless of the agencies, someone who does not know that background or actually what the process is. I was going to say picks it up. No, so they go online and reads it and they say: oh one, two three. They only see the one two three four. So we got to remember that, there's a visual there's an obstacle, and it's someone says this is what Community board four wants is number one. This is, this is what they want for six, but look. What they have now for 12. is not that we got to remember that yeah, sorry, absolutely and then hopefully we can come to some resolution on a direction. I do agree. I agree with both the joe and then Christine and Dale. So I was wondering if what Joe says is right. If we're talking about de- densifying and then our number, whatever one two or three is, let's add a shelter it's it is. I mean it's a little odd for us, but what Dale said I think is spot on. Why do not we just change the wording and because the skyline was a family shelter and then what Jesse says there was a family shelter is not this an easy fix of just changing the word insane. You know replacing what this was back to a family shelter and then it kind of kills three birds with one stone or no joe. Is that not even so what about? What? If I, if I can, what about something? That's again, we'll have to wordsmith it exactly whether it's densifying or equalizing, the concentration with a focus on accommodating families yeah right, but that would not be capital so much as expense, because the shelters we've had have been really run through the expense budget, not the capital, in other words, that you know in the hotels, maria those are not from capital. Oh okay, I mean I understand like the goal here, but I do not think we quite the mechanism is not quite aligning because that's not where they came from. Our family beds were in a couple of hotels through Dhs's expense budget, not a purpose- built, renovated structure, a purpose built or renovated structure, but even densifying using existing shelters to accommodate families may require some capital improvements to make the facilities more appropriate. I think they know because they're leased, so they run it through expense, so even the creation. So would that mean that this ask should have never been in capital? No, this ask is for the purchase and or long- term lease and renovation of a building at a specific location. That's what this ask means. They won't lose capital funds for less than like a 20 or 30 year lease. It's a long term thing. You can't, can I just throw out there then? Is there one proposal to switch out? Can we just switch out swap yeah swap the Shell, the new, the new family, shelter for the elevator, the elevator and that's, and that puts elevators higher yeah and then it's a shelter in that in that place? Yeah. Okay, then we have the commitment to the nicer folks. First, you know it does not mean we take it off, but it also means so the only thing you have to be aware of and the reason I'm pushing is going to come to my committee. Dhs already has approached the board. When was that Jesse August yeah about acquiring and buying or leasing a long term on 41st street be very careful. This is not the opening for that to happen without thinking. Broadly, that's all okay, so we will alan Allen had something to say all right. Okay, I would go with the perceptionist, sometimes everything argument, and I think it goes both ways if the individual agencies just see for the individual agencies, we need to be a little bit more sensitive to the community and just you know present it as such. I would include in that, in that text, changing like Leslie was saying changing the text to say decent, you know identifying the single bit he's been dozing by and you know, convert to not convert but create replacement right. Well. Can I propose that we move six up to three and establishing the new shelter as number four above the school request? No above the school request. No, he wants to put it behind night shy, limiters, yeah, that's what I just suggested. Oh, did you do that? Did you she did by moving by moving six to three but not moving the other one got it a lot easier, just to do a clean swap than shift everything down yeah and do a clean one, all right, a queen clean, swap just opening another can of worms, Jesus Mary and Joseph, okay, Paul yeah, given the conversation that you know Bert just pointed out in terms of this document and what people might see again. I'd re repeat my concern that waste basket cleansing is a higher priority on our budget list than NYCHA elevators and I'd like to see a way we can move some of those things around. I understand that it goes to agencies and it's different, but I think Bert's point is valid here. The waste basket on the Paul on the survey basket overwhelming on what and I think it I think, the basket service Paul. This is just what I hear just being on the street cleanups and stuff. It also goes to health. It also goes to hygiene. It also goes to just how people feel how visitors feel. I think that's a very big deal when it comes, and I understand what you're saying you're like basket service like yeah, like imagine, being imagine being a NYCHA resident, and you pick up this document as Bert says, and you see that the board has voted to empty the waste cans on the corner, there's a higher priority than fixing the elevators in their buildings, but that's in the expense side, Paul, not the capital side. No, I know I'm on the expense now he's discussing the expense. Sorry! Well, it's in the expense budget. I mean both the basket pickup and the elevators in the expense of staffing issues. What it really comes down to are staffing issues, how many sanitation workers do we have? How many routes do they have? Okay, how often and the same thing with the elevators with the elevators we're talking about there are over 40 unfilled positions of elevator repair, led mechanic, repair helpers, the that's an important position there, and then we probably also want more, in addition to the budgeted positions that are unfilled. We want more positions, so it's possible. I do not have. I do not have the document in front of me, but there are a number of sanitation issues. Is it possible we can consolidate, because we also talk about residential pickups way lower than that? Oh, that's really down in the bottom right, but you know Paul. Where would you put the baskets what I would even just if we want to make it simple for swapping swap four and 11 on the expense categories, but I mean this: the staff for nudge elevators is number 11 and the basket collection is number four, and so, even if you just swap them for the sake of the image of it as burt points out, you know we know the. So if you want to make it easy to just swap four and eleven, that would be my recommendation and Leslie. I see you shaking your head because I know it came up as a community. No, I agree with you. I agree with you, I'm just saying this was not just informed by the community survey. I it's really important to note that this also came out of committee prioritization. It was actually a 100 committee prioritization that put it there, because we were trying to make sure that we were not just sort of knee- jerk reaction to the survey and sort of taking the wider view. As it's work, that's been done, it's asks that have been made so well. If we flip it, then it's going to be weird that basket service is going to be behind open streets. It's it'll, be, I think, a little that basket yeah behind pedestrian safety, not that those are not important. Christine, like I understand no, I agree what about moving 11 in front of the basket, that's what I was going to see just christine. Yes, I also am more comfortable with that than just move it in front of everything that makes sense to me. Yes, excellent! Thank you! Okay! We just you know we have to talk about it. We have to talk about it. First, get there so Jessica! You are missing a bunch of things that I sent and you acknowledge that right yeah. I acknowledge that. I think we wanted to make sure we got everybody's feedback that they this was. You know part of that and we'll go back through and make those changes and we'll be sure to be in communication with the budget task force about that. Go everyone who is on the budget task force and part of this group, and you have not provided your edits to the statement of district needs. We must have those no later than Wednesday at noon. So that is your hard deadline. So please get that, but Jesse do we need to vote on this? Yes, you do. Okay, so do we have a motion to approve, as amended budget fiscal 21 asks second 22 last 22., all right, all those in favor, great Mike, noble how'd, you vote the Aaron and Mike since you've been either. Do I vote? No Aaron does not no you're, not actually sorry, yeah, okay, so Mike, you still have to vote all right, we'll take that as an extension. For now it still passes. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Jessica all right. Next up we have a letter from transportation that has some urgency to it. So it's been asked that exec passed it and then it go through the full board. Just for ratification, this is about West, 30Th, Street and Christine, and Dale yeah West 30Th street, as you know, has been. Is this very bizarre street which has multiple streets on it, dyer, Avenue and 30Th street between nine and ten, and it has been occupied. At least two lanes have been occupied by the work for dds of DDC and DEP for the water main, the eastern section of it is going to be freed up next month and DDC wanted to resurface as traffic lane, and we have had discussion with the I mean the bid has had discussion with D.O.T and DDC and EP, and there was a proposal made for taking those two lanes of traffic and greening them. You know putting planters etc to make this whole area a little nicer than it is today. Those two lanes of traffic are not needed for the last five years. We have functioned very well without them and we think it's a good opportunity, except that they are going to do that in four weeks. So the bid needs to really activate the DOT and the DOT said they needed a resolution from CB4. So I recommend that we adopt it, for you know: greening a portion of that section. Bert did you have a question and then Betty yeah. I do have a question so I'm trying to visualize this from dire to ninth there'll, be two lanes of green. Yes, the two lanes in the middle okay, but what about tenth to dire it's still occupied by DDC, so the construction, okay, yeah still there and we think it's going to go away one year I mean you know and at that time we and we would like the same thing on the other end of the street when that's available and someone sometimes do either they're using the phone or yeah. I do not know they've got their speaker really loud, so it's reverberating, although we have been trying to be very tactical and not you know, oh, I think thank you. I'm going to put you on view. Did that fix it? Yes, okay, so we've been very tactical and say you know not grand scheme etc to say: okay, there is an opportunity. We take this one and we could. I do not know whether it helps or not that's what I'm saying: okay I'll leave it up to you. I think it's for that moment for the moment because of the urgency. I think it's better not to raise that. I agree with you in principle, but I think it's better not to raise it yeah. We all agree but Betty. You are unmute yeah, just a couple of things. One is in line 25. I think you want to say, take away, delete the a and just bus parking is located blah and speaking of bus parking. Does the bus parking remain yes, okay and just to clarify, because we use that 30th street a lot? What will I love greening? You know. I love that there will be two lanes for moving traffic and two lanes that have become green and is that about right? Yes, okay, because there's there is a lot of traffic on. I think I can't remember if it's two or three lanes existing now, no there's only two existing two lanes now yeah. So there's no, a very large space, yeah! Okay! No! I look forward to the green. Thank you very much, whoops any other questions about this letter. Seeing none I'll entertain a motion so moved a second third seconds at all those in favor of the letter hi. Thank you. Anyone opposed no all right so that passes we move on to the next letter. There is a letter from the social and racial justice task force about a proposal from CB10. I'm going to turn this over to Viren for discussion, because this is a task force. It has to be voted on by exec before it goes to Full board, Vera yeah, all right guys. Cb time came over and sort of presented to us their proposal for the request, rather for a support letter from CB4 in regards to the monument for which they do not have any exact plans or proposals, but a desire to have a permanent exhibit in the North East Corner side of central park, and they have been asked by Boro President's office to actually go to different community boards and kind of garner support. So they came and they made a comprehensive presentation to all of us and the task force members pretty much sort of were quite you know, blown away with the comprehensive nature of their work, because we did not realize that they've been doing this since December last year and Dale actually did have a listing for this letter. So I'm going to actually pass it on to him to sort of say a little more about it. Sure I was I you know. I was very impressed with the presentation. I recognize that this is a proposal for a an area, not you know in central park, but not near our district, but we are a part trying to make the case that we are a park adjacent district such as it is one little one little corner, and also that the issue of unequal prosecution and law in law enforcement, unequal treatment in law enforcement has impacted our district very recently, and so that it's a it's an issue that continues. That is that is of interest to members of our community and would overall because it would be an enhancement to central park, would be a benefit to our community. So if there are any questions, I'm happy to take them Jd give me. I fully support the first paragraph supporting this terrible, terrible injustice done to these young men. I fully support that, although, as the letter says, we hard to hear you Jd, although, as the letter says, we generally do not get into that, but I fully support the first paragraph. The second paragraph is a little troubling to me for two reasons: there is the implication that the attempted arrest of Mr Ingram was racially motivated. I do not think we should. I mean that's not proven I I'm a little hesitant for us to say that it was, and, secondly, comparing the attempted arrest to what happened to those young men is just not appropriate. It is not on the same magnitude, so I would either revise that second paragraph or eliminate it altogether, but I fully support supporting board 10 in the first paragraph Judy, you mean the third paragraph right. Sorry, just one second, I'm just trying to clarify jd, you mean the third Paragraph Right Byron, I'm I may I'm sorry. I do not have it right before me. It's okay! It's like, I think it's the third player yeah thanks just before Dale speaks. I just want to quickly say that one of the reasons we felt that it was necessary to sort of include something about that event. For two reasons: one it is current and the second one was, but it was not very clear if the manner in which this arrest was attempted was properly done. So you know the issue that what we're trying to draw attention to is the fact that justice is uneven and the excessive nature of that operation is what we're trying to draw attention to and that's what we sort of. I do not disagree, but I think the excessive and inappropriate force that was used was a result of a it was stupid, but I it was not. It was an escalation from one thing after another. If it had been a person, a white person, it might have been the same. Stupidity, I do not know, but we are assuming that it was racially motivated and it was from the get- go and that's what I'm questioning whether or not we should be stating those unprovable facts. All right, I'm going to go to I'm going to go to Dale. As the author of the letter then Joe, then Maria, oh, and by the way, just there was something I neglected to mention, which is in the letter I tamara Mcco Macaw, who was one of the chief curators of the shed, attended our meeting and expressed an interest to me in a side conversation about reaching out to the organizers and but with the so I mentioned her in the letter, but with that said, I'm waiting to speak to her for confirmation on that. I do not want to speak for her in this letter, but that section, I think, is pending our discussion on the point of derek Ingram. I, while I would agree that there is no concrete evidence that the police response was predicated on the gentleman's race. I think we can look to examples in the district and throughout the city and in a wider way, and look for anything remotely like what happened to him happening to a white protester, and I would I would I would posit that it has not happened in that manner that the police may have been riled up, because one of their own was injured by a megaphone at a protest, but they took the occasion to respond in that unequal way, because there is a mindset to see black people as perpetrators, and that is not something that I'm going to deliver a set of receipts on with proof, but it seems pretty self- evident in the country. I was raised in right, joe yeah, so I'm not going to be on a high horse at all here. I believe it was racially motivated and it was what they did to derek Ingram, but it has nothing whatsoever to do with this letter. Another board came to us for support. We are not about solving all. I'm sorry this task force. I do not think your charge is solving all social injustice they've seen they talked. We are conflating two things as a board. We have litigated this discussion about what happened on 45Th Street, and I really take exception to your opening it up again to be discussed again. It really is troublesome. Okay, we're going to go through this again. All right, hang on Maria, Marie you're on me, yeah. Thank you. So just two things that I was thinking. I think that Jd made a comment about it that there's no proof that it was racially motivated. What happened to derek Ingram, but I think in both situations with the exonerated five and derek Ingram, we can surmise that it had to do with race, and I think you know, but I read the letter and seeing that the second entire paragraph about derek ingram. It just made me wonder if that paragraph is there to bring it back to how it you know to our community, but in my mind, reading the letter, I thought it would be more appropriate to have that paragraph be about the exonerated five and I think the two situations are extraordinarily different. Where you know ingram was, you know, arrested in a way that was absolutely excessive or you know attempted to be arrested in a way that was absolutely excessive, but the exonerated five were accused of raping and beating a woman and leaving her for dead. So I just I wondered if the second paragraph does it make sense, and could we have that be about that situation Leslie? I actually agree with both Maria and Joe, just going through that wholesome Joe Park five, when I was young, we can't equate what happened to derek and I agree with Dale both. I agree with the paragraph separately. If that makes sense, I just do not know if we. If this is a letter to support CB10 and to support this statue, I think that's very important to lend our support, and I think you guys did that very appropriately and well done. I just do not know bringing derek Ingram back into it. I think actually dilutes that it dilutes that what happened to the central park, boys and you're acquitting that, with a botched, a bunch of the exonerated five, the exonerated five, by the way, it's unbelievable documentary, but I just I just think those two, the two paragraphs I do not know if it belongs. In the same letter, though I agree with both separately, okay, but I'm going to. Is there anyone else? Aside from an author of the letter, Dale I'll come back to you in a minute anyone else Jeffrey. Maybe it's not the right letter to put it in, even though I'm really pleased by the fact that this will have public statues of men who are not white going into our public spaces, and there's no recognition of that here, and I guess I just I'm a big fan of more public. It's not for people are not just white dudes, it's not necessarily a statue, though yeah. No, all right. All right, wait about a second allen was next. I just want it's not necessarily a monument to the exonerated five, it's more conceived, at least at this phase as a an educational exhibit, so it does not have a monumental scope. Okay, thank you. Okay, I'm sorry! Jeffrey were you done all right, Allen was next then marty, varen and Vernondale you're, the authors you get the last word here: do not worry about it, so I would agree with the point that Leslie brings up about the watering down. I think the support obviously CB10 came to us for support for their letter. I was not at the meetings I do not know. Did they bring up the subject, the thing of the gentleman of Mr Ingram and I think, and I think that I think it takes away. It's like we're pushing our agenda or our thoughts or our feelings about what happened in our community when they're coming to us to support what happened in their community, and I think it's two separate issues and I think if we can deal with that whole issue of Mr Ingram and some in some form. Maybe we can do that, but I think it should be separate. We should support them and you know all right I'll get you Mike, Marty, sorry Allen, I'm going to say exactly the opposite. I support putting in stuff about the exonerated five that makes sense that supports whatever the display is, but I also support bringing it back to our community. You could make it shorter, but I think talking about Mr Ingram in this letter is so appropriate because it makes a connection to what happened in central park and it brings it to our community all right, Mike noble. Well, I'm just the opposite of you marty on this. I agree with the other speakers Joe and Leslie and Maria to an extent hey we're stealing the thunder of Community board 10.. They want our support. We do not need to add our own misery to their letter. Okay, here's what I want to do. This is not a binding vote. All right! I just want to get a straw vote. How many people would support the letter without the paragraph about Mr Ingram? Can I get one joe hands all right all right? I got you Mike all right. How many people want the letter with the paragraph about Derek Ingram? Okay, with that, you know, straw, vote in front of you Dale and varian. Will you accept this as a friendly amendment to strike that paragraph? I can, I speak sure, go ahead and then veren after very after that Marie I'll come back to you. I am perfectly willing to modify the paragraph. I do think that it would be helpful to have some. You know summary summarizing context about the story of the exonering five without retreading the entire history. However, I do believe that this is as a board we are seeking to identify with and relate to what the work that the our neighbors in CB10 are doing. I also find it a little troubling that this board is seems very motivated to bury the story of Derek Ingram. I find that I find that very troubling, and I would I would ask that you examine that motive because it did happen. It is relatable to what happened to the exonerated five there is a through line is not. It is not a high concept through line. It's pretty self- evident, and those are my comments on this exchange, all right, vieren, okay, very quickly. I think a few things right. This letter is actually multiple contributions to the letter and members of the task force. The majority of the members felt the reference to Mr. Ingram should be made to sort of draw connection between the system, systemic injustice that sort of remains, so that was the main sort of draw of why we should mention this, but at the same time I told I also agree personally now this is not as a chair or not as a co- chair. But personally I do agree that it's a this letter is more about. You know supporting CB 10's request for an exhibit energy with, along with some educational programs, and not so much about Derrick Ingram, but I also in principle, agree, but some reference should be retained in the letter. So here is what I'm going to propose. The modification I'm proposing is the very first line of the paragraph three. If that is acceptable, if you, if you like, I can actually paste it in chat. I got I do not know. I can't do it because I feel like I just. I only have the pdf open and it's not going to copy that very easily. Very large paragraph. We at least draw the fact in as to why we feel the need to support this letter beyond sort of you know much bigger sort of picture, but everybody in this room agrees with well. There is language that you can use that everyone will recognize when we say we have had our own experience recently. Okay and therefore our sympathetic with you know your proposal, we need not go into all the details of it because I do not want to dilute up the value of all the effort that CB10 has put into this. Okay. They spent enormous amount of time. Yes right, they've got a lot of. You know, coverage on it as well. Yeah we make reference and everybody's going to know what it's about: okay, Maria, then Jogenberg, and then I want to wrap this up yeah. I was just simply going to suggest that that we have one or two sentences about Ingram. I understand the reasoning for it, but just not a full paragraph going into all the details. I just think their situations are, you know, extraordinarily different, very different, so yep, okay, thank you, Maria Joe, I think taking the stroll vote. I really say I support and admit I put forth an amendment to delete the paragraph with the letter, because the trouble Troubling part I have here is: we are definitely in a lecture mode and I am not comfortable in being in these meetings constantly being lectured out from our process. Point of view I propose, we delete the paragraph, okay, well, all right, but burke yeah. I want to say that we have a relationship to CB10 other than the geographic we have but central park. Yes, and I think that we need a paragraph here saying about the systemic racialism, with racial inequalities, something like that is not see before, and it's not just from 30 years ago, it's today and we feel it and have had the effects of it in our community board as well. Okay. So here's what we're going to read. One of the reasons this right now, it's only going to be an exhibit, but it's not just an exhibit for Cv10, it's an exhibit for all of Manhattan for all of the city, and we should have some kind of secondary paragraph. Thank you, bert all right. So there are two proposals on the table. There is the proposal to include just the long sentence that Veron is pasted into the chat and there is a proposal to do without that sentence entirely. Okay, I'm not sure the fastest way to do this. I think I'm just going to do a quick roll call say with or without or I can do it I can. I can do it, but it's just a straw vote you're voting with the paragraph or voting without the paragraph. I assume it sounds like we want this letter in some form, so we can do that afterwards, but let's just do it with the letter or without the letter Viren as the chair of the Social Justice Social and racial justice task force. Are you okay with that proposal? Yes, okay, so let's do it. Let's do a vote. This is a formal vote. We're voting either with the with the parrot with the sentence or without the sentence, all those in favor of the quran you're doing 50 seconds. Okay, you're doing it too. Okay you're doing two votes, then I'm doing two votes, I'm going to vote yeah, but for the first vote is with or without it's like you're voting on a cheesesteak all right, all those in favor of the letter with the paragraph. Please raise your hand one two, three four, five, six, seven, eight nine 10.. This is the paragraph we have in the chat. Yes, the paragraph we have and me too yeah, because Marie is screwing me up here. I am. I apologize, I'm sorry just so we're clear. The paragraph of the draft letter is out and we're all yes. The paragraph in the draft letter is out. We were only talking about the paragraph that the one sentence, the first sentence of that paragraph, which is pasted in the chat, yeah, okay, so hands up if you're in favor of with one two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight nine, it's and Mike Noble Mike you're voting without I'm voting without because the paragraph I do not need an explanation right now. No, I do not need an explanation, I'm just taking the vote, jd you're saying without as well. I'm saying I would agree if the first part of that could be tweaked a little yeah to make it not to make it a statement of fact, but a concern that we have that it's something like that. I would then be okay with it. Viren are you, okay with Jd's change? Let me understand the paragraph that I've added this one line that I put in the chat he wants. We've also seen that systemic racial inequities remain. Can we say something like we're also concerned that these racial systemic, racial things we're concerned about it, change the words just stating it directly with it? I would I would agree to that. I would not use the word concerned in that area, but or appear to it's something along those lines. Okay, now we need a formal vote on the flag, lockdown in stone, proven beyond a reasonable doubt. It will say appear to all right. So let me make this clear. We are now voting on the letter with just that. The one paragraph, the one line in the chat with the word scene and the third line, replaced to be something a little bit softer. All those in favor of that letter raise your hand hi. All right, that's unanimous! Thank you all! Bravo, everybody, nice job. We do good work because we still have an agenda left I'd like to get us out of here in the next 12 minutes. Please check the draft agenda and the committee schedule. If you have any questions about your committee schedule, please email, Jessie, janine or nelly, whoever your committee person is and make sure you get that updated for your November committee, chair reports, small meetings we continue to meet without with DHS, with our some of our electeds, about 36Th Street and about the skyline hotel on 49th street. Hopefully we'll make some progress on that allen, attended a meeting organized by the speaker in EDC about the number of helicopter complaints and Nellie, and I met with the new ceos about the 10th and Midtown north in the last month. In terms of the, I think, that's it for the chair report, the District Office report, Jesse, I'm stealing your thunder on this one- is that okay yeah. I am have other things. I have other things to report, though I know, but I'm still, you know which one I'm stealing I know I know go ahead. I am happy to report that in our possession is a signed license agreement between brookfield properties in the city of New York for the suite 580 at 424, West 33rd street. We have an office congratulations. This is the smaller of the two right. It's the same. Let's not talk about size, all right, let's just say happy birthday: Brookfield forgive us! Brookfield still wants to give us the place across the hall that will give us a conference room and make us look like a real board, but we're at least no longer homeless. So we've solved the homeless problem in the in the district. Cb4 is no longer homeless. We'll just do the rest of the district report. We just to clarify. We do have a conference room. Okay, it's a little small, it's a it's a little bit smaller, but we have a conference room right. It's good public, close to public transportation. It's in a it's a renovated building. You know there will be it is on hold because we have to use it virtually and there is a plaza yeah, there's a plaza yeah and there's the freeze and there's a food hollards. Whoever loves bollards collards right, not five egg 480, sweet 580 at four. What's the address Jesse four 424, it's 424 west 33rd, it's the loft building behind one Manhattan plaza! It's directly opposite the I the exit from the Lincoln tunnel, to be clear though we are not set up. So do not stop by do not stop. We will have an opening party when we are allowed to yeah, okay, so real quick. That was pretty much all I had to say, but I just want to go over November committee schedule real quickly. The only real change in the schedule is for Clinton house kitchen land use because it falls on veterans day, so we're having to push that back later in the month. Everything else meets at its normal time and and we're still going and and joe yes requests from Chelsea, not your working group to do a community forum or something just got that the staff during this meeting I'll haul up with you tomorrow. Okay, meaning like, is this in person, or is this virtual? No a virtual thing, okay, all righty and then, as some of the folks on this board on this committee know. So we did. Finally, DHS has confirmed a date and a timer meeting tomorrow to start their monthly district level meetings with all of the providers that they've that have are new providers in our district to talk to do have a whole monthly operational sort of district service cabinet type of meeting with all the providers and go through what's going on and what's working, what's not, who need help that kind of stuff? And so that's been a long time ask of me and this office and from Joe and Maria's letters and from Gail's letters, and so that's kicking off tomorrow, and so I'm happy about that, and then I think that's it all right. I want to recognize that there has been a member of the public listening to all of this, I'm going to make a mess of the individual's name, but I want to do it wanted to acknowledge them Jesse. Can you turn that person on see if they want to say anything, I can I'm going to make a mess of your name. Sir. Are you still with us? Are you talking about me? Yes, talking about you? Ah, sorry, hi hello, did you have a specific concern? You wanted to raise to the community board or are you just visiting I'm kind of just visiting? I will I kind of missed it, obviously, because you guys started at 6:30, but I wanted to join well. Thank you for being with us. Wait. Can you also say your name? Oh it's you gorthen, you gorson, you gorthon, I'm sorry! No! It's totally fine! Okay! Well, I should have put like a game on or something thank you for joining us. Does anyone else have any new or old business to raise point just on the agenda factor? Do we just have to Jesse? If we have something to go on, Hudson river park may have something for us: yeah just coordinate with janine. I think I think, we've gotten. We were we're so busy that I think this month and everything that we do not have necessarily everything up and ready for the committee schedule. So if you see if you're looking at that and you're saying, I already spoke to janine or nelly or me, and it's not up there. Yet that does not mean anything's wrong. It just made me get up there yet but yeah, but I would just follow up with you or whoever manages that committee all right Dale. I just had a question about the task force recommendations. Is there a time the board specific ones? Is there a timeline for implementing them? Not at the moment, we're still, you know we they were approved. Implementation is a discussion we still need to have. Oh, is that a discussion for exec at some point? It probably will be, but we're not there yet okay, Bert and then Leslie yeah, Hudson River park reminded me since you're now, district four's representative to the trump is that in a position where you will report back to us and tell us, you had a meeting with them, and this is what happened or is that something sort of separate from your board position? It is separate from my board position the way the Hudson River Park Act is written. There has to be a representative approved in consultation with CB4. I am happy to report in and I can tell you just from a factual basis. Just about everything the board is working on that will affect our district is still going to go through Jeffrey and Marty's committee. It just gives us an extra voice with the trust. Have you met yet have you I sat in on the board meeting at the beginning of October. I would also note that cbd4 for a long time was not really well represented from a from a personal perspective. There's always been like a really local resident for CB2 and CB1 on the trust board and now I'll be frank. It used to be Douglas, Durst he's a resident of 43rd Street, but his interest is not necessarily our interest, so it's really nice that we have a. If I may, my good friend level, a lay person among those on the trust board for our interest. So it's a nice change for CB4 actually and before Douglas was appointed. That seat was empty for a long time set a question. I wrote it in the chat. No one's ever heard back from the derrick ingram. This might be for Dale or veer and maybe Jesse anything on our original derrick ingram letter or from any of the people that we sent it to any of the agencies, any movement or anything. No, we know it was received. We did not hear back from the electeds at least that they sent the request for oversight. Hearing was received, we can we should. We can definitely follow up thanks, Jeff, all right. Anyone else I'll, take a motion to adjourn. Anyone second, do not move hi everyone thanks for coming. I.",
            "summary": "Just to recap for everybody we over the last two sets of meetings, not quite two months, but almost two months task force committees have had the opportunity to review past budgets, make new requests and Jesse, and the office had prepared a very helpful sheet for re-ranking past priorities, adding in additional priorities that are just new and then also adding and identifying priorities which were specific to Covid-19.\nWe also did a survey which will share the results with you shortly, but we had over 300 or just about 300 participants from across the community, and I think their feedback, combined with really the narrative that we heard from the committees, as well as the budget task force.\nThe issues of homelessness and housing, education and sanitation, The budget task force met last week to begin the process of prioritizing both on the expense and capital side, as is typical and, as has been done in past years.\nAll of this remains more or less in draft form, but does reflect the direction we are going, which is to prioritize the three areas: I mentioned: homelessness and housing, education and sanitation, jessie anything you'd, care.\nYou know, as you guys all know, committees really kind of made the Covid-19 requests or the requests related to the impact that cobit has had as their primary as their you know top priorities and let the last year's requests sort of shift down a little bit.\nAn important conversation about the priorities I was reading through the expense and capital spreadsheets today and was kind of surprised that there were so many sanitation issues so high up on our priorities, but because it did not.\nIs, not necessarily seen or the department you know, HPD is not necessarily seen by sanitation, and so there is an effort to kind of move things and show a variety of issues at the top recognizing that, ultimately, each department, New York City Department, gets the priorities that are related to their work and their work.\nI think, there's also an element of things that are what are priorities to be budget items that are reinstated versus new money and doing something new, and so there was a regular kind of reference to like what do we think is actually possible or what is a longer term.\nThat is something we have been advocating for a long time, whereas I think a lot of the sanitation cuts are very specific to again not Covid-19 in the sense that Covid-19 did not cause sanitation to not be picked up, but rather the budget related to some of the challenges our city's experiencing because of Covid-19 have impacted the amount of sanitation, pickup and clean up.\nThat's why all the NYCHA stuff is, you know relatively high in capital If you talk about the balancing out of this, the staffing request for NYCHA, elevator, repair, people, then I think maybe we can look at that, but I do not know what the difference off the top of my head.\nBut if I look at if I look at operating expenses right, we have basket collection as a priority for, but we have providing students with access to enrichment and nourishment programs is number 10.\nYou look at the expense budget priorities that link that's in the dropbox They're prioritized and the fourth highest priority coming out of this community board is provide more frequent, litter basket, collection, whereas the sixth is expand, homeless prevention programs.\nI. Think that's really important, because when we boiled it down, we had to put into buckets if we have to pick one issue to address the homeless factor You, know, affordable housing program through DHS We need a clean and safe district with access to more housing for new Yorkers, and I.\nAnd I think it's going to be very bad to constituents in the district that we are saying prioritizing another new shelter above permanent, affordable housing or NYCHA capital.\nThe first thing: that's coming up is homelessness and we do not even have one permanent family shelter in the district right, but we have a number of family shelter rooms vacated by the city.\nWe know we keep them on just to keep them on and keep them going below that simply because the huge number of people live in NYCHA, deserve, I, believe, more consideration first, because their capital needs are so outstanding.\nWe often keep it in our book for 10 years, because we know that it's worth the fight, if it's something that we want, I, think that, given the fact that more and more people are not going to be able to pay, rent when Covid-19 is over makes me want to double down on the fact that we need a family shelter in the district.\nI think that a lot of NYCHA folks would agree wholeheartedly that homelessness is a major issue and it should be addressed by finding an appropriate family shelter in the district.\nYou welcomed the family, shelter and then what had ended up separately happening was BRC and the BRC issue being the number of beds and the impact on the community, and then I think two about two cycles: ago.\nThey were not never really initially together, but they were together for, like the last two years, and so I just want to give that history there that this request for the at least a family, shelter has been something that's been on.\nIn that text, changing like Leslie was saying changing the text to say decent, you know identifying the single bit he's been dozing by Can I propose that we move six up to three and establishing the new shelter as number four above the school request?\nAnd do a clean, one, All right, a queen clean, swap just opening another can of worms, Jesus Mary and Joseph, okay, Paul Given the conversation that you know, I'd re repeat my concern that waste basket cleansing is a higher priority on our budget list than NYCHA elevators I understand that it goes to agencies The waste basket on the Paul on the survey basket, overwhelming on what The basket service Paul.\nI. Think that's a very big deal when it comes, and I understand what you're saying you're like basket: Service, Like, imagine, being imagine being a NYCHA resident, and you pick up this document as Bert says, and You see that the board has voted to empty the waste cans on the corner , there's a higher priority than fixing the elevators in their buildings, but that's in the expense.\nIt's still occupied by DDC, so The construction, okay, We, and we would like the same thing on the other end of the street when that's available and someone sometimes do either they're using the phone I think you want to say, take away, delete the a and just bus parking is located blah and speaking of bus, parking.\nBut a desire to have a permanent exhibit in the North East Corner side of central park, and they have been asked by Boro President's office to actually go to different community boards and kind of garner support.\nThey came and they made a comprehensive presentation to all of us and the task force members pretty much sort of were quite you, know, blown away with the comprehensive nature of their work, because we did not realize that they've been doing this since December last year and Dale actually did have a listing for this.\nI do not want to speak for her in this letter, but that section, I think, is pending our discussion on the point of derek Ingram.\nThink you know, but I read the letter and seeing that the second entire paragraph about derek ingram.\nYou could make it shorter, but I think talking about Mr Ingram in this letter is so appropriate because it makes a connection to what happened in central park and it brings it to our community They want our support.\nMany people want the letter with the paragraph about Derek Ingram?"
        }
    }
}