{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "MCB6",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNZyLULUQBp5e9Q1cKtvk6Q",
            "title": "Manhattan Community Board Six - 197-a Working Group Meeting - 11/05/20",
            "publishDate": "2020-11-06",
            "shortDescription": "",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:14:35"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "MCB6",
            "normalizedName": "Manhattan Community Board 6",
            "twitterName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVn0y_oPVdX0vvRFl70YAig",
            "twitterHandle": "@cbsix",
            "dateCheckLast": "11/5/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "lPtUbmol314",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 76,
                "um": 185
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "47 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "3 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "website": 30,
                "news": 27,
                "newsletter": 24,
                "cody": 20,
                "information": 18,
                "guys": 16,
                "survey": 15,
                "minutes": 14,
                "page": 14,
                "map": 14
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "design": 2,
                "links": 2,
                "agenda": 2,
                "item": 2,
                "opportunities": 2,
                "tweaks": 1,
                "CB6": 1,
                "website": 1,
                "minutes": 1,
                "sense": 1
            },
            "fullTranscript": "Ready Cody right, yeah, you're, recording, okay, all right, so welcome everyone to the November 2020 meeting of the CB6,197A working group. My name is Kavitha Matthew, I'm the chair of the working group. The meeting is called to order at 7:01 pm and tonight we're joined by assistant district manager, Cody Osterman, members of the public. I think we do have some members of the public on here right members of the public. You can write any questions or comments that you have through the Q&A feature of zoom this time. Following the working groups, discussion, we'll field questions from the public and tonight Sandy Mckee will be taking minutes right, Sandy, yes, okay and now we will take attendance. Cody will take attendance by roll call, okay, members I'll call your name, please unmute yourself and say present. If you're here, Kabitha Matthew. Here we heard from Jim that he's out sick sandy Mckee here, Wells Magaly, Rich, Mintz, President, Lou, Sapersky, Sandro, Sherrod, all right, that's six members and that's a quorum. Okay, thanks cody! So the agenda for tonight's meeting was distributed ahead of time to everyone by the board office and we'll yep and appears on the screen before you. If there's no objection we'll adopt the agenda, as stated so, if anyone objects to it, please raise your hand through zoom and okay. Seeing no objections. The agenda for tonight's meeting is adopted and the minutes for from the October 1st meeting were distributed ahead of time by the board office. If there's no objection, we will adopt these minutes same deal. Working group members. If you object to adopting the minutes, please raise your hand through zoom, okay and seeing no objections. The minutes from October 1st are adopted and they will soon be available on the CB6 website. I'm not going to go through all the ground rules. I think everyone's aware of them at this point. Just one to keep in mind is that the chat function should not be used for working group, business or questions about agenda topics. Those should be made through zoom by raising your hand- and I think we know all the other ones we'll try to keep it we'll keep things. Pretty brief tonight, but there's several items on the agenda that I wanted to run through and the first of those is an update on the Perlman place websites. The status of the website, and happily we were able to make some updates to the website- did not get a lot of comments from you guys. I do not know if everyone had a chance to look it over. I know we had hi Lou just joined cody, so I want to note that I do not know if you guys had a chance to look at it. We did make some updates and we were able to get it basically up and running. There's definitely a few more tweaks we'd like to make to the design and maybe a couple of links and things that we want to make active. But I think we have a working sub domain of our current website that we can. We can start to use and start to start to share with people. So I do not know cody. We could take a quick look at it one more time. I know we looked at it last week, there's not huge differences, but we can kind of just go through the pages for the group, and I think a couple of people were not here last week. Sure do you want me to screen share or do one yeah you can screen share and okay, I'm feeling lazy. Thank you can only do one okay, thank you. So that's the home page when you put in pearlman place or pearlman Cb6.Org, as it says, on top and the links are actually you know the stuff on top who we are what's up, why we care get involved, are all active and CB6 just takes you back to the CB6 main website. Page latest news is not yet active, I'm still not quite sure how we're treating that or, if we're linking that to a calendar or anything else, I'd like to update the site, basically so that when you click that it just says in progress or something now but yeah, if we want to just scroll through quickly like the this is the yeah. This is the we were calling it a survey and we also realized it's both a survey and a sign up for the newsletter. I guess so, if you fill this out cody just to make sure I understand it this does this get them. We do not really have the Perlman place newsletter. It's really the CB6 newsletter right. Are they? Are they linked to that? Or does it mean they'd be just in this website? You know getting any updates. We've created a separate okay, good audience group, which is what mailchimp calls them for this newsletter sign up. So if someone signs up for this, they will be added, and then any campaigns like a blasts can go out just to these folks. This is separate from the one that's at the bottom of the normal cd6 site. Okay, is there? Would it be a good idea to when somebody signs up for that they immediately get a thank you, email or a confirmation email, or does that happen already that they get a confirmation that it says? Are you sure you subscribed so that people are not like just shoving other people's emails in there? Okay, we should always try it and see what happens. We could also do a welcome like a more detailed, welcome message so that any someone signs up new there is like a standard like hi. Here's what we are, here's, what we're doing, that's something that we can do as well. That would be nice. If we're able to do that, I mean I know the information's on the website, but the more ways we have to kind of get people interested rather than just a kind of standard, email or standard response would be nice. We could even just take the like the copy, that's already there and just formatted and right a letter, yeah and Letty. I think I see ladies yeah I just I just wanted to make a suggestion on our upcoming news site. If we have nothing, we could say thank you for stopping by please check frequently. We will, you know, we're just getting started and we will update as things arise or something so you can just have a sentence there, so they do not hit just a blank right and, as I give you guys, the updates from the task force meeting, maybe we can come up with something actually to put on yeah. It would make sense yeah I mean that I mean. Is it okay to why share the update of the task force either right there or is it that would be great that'd, be perfect? I mean I basically said I when I talked to Brad. I said we're going to be sharing everything on this website, so you know if we need to if I need to reach out and just make sure I do not think there's anything that earth- shattering it's just that things are delayed and they're, considering all their options and due to Covid-19 everything's been set back a little bit. So I do not think that's fine public information exactly. I think, that's okay to share they're great, but I think I think on the header. It should say what it is. So they understand- and it did not say then it did not really give you who th, who the participants were. It referred to people by first name, but not by title, so somebody who is reading the actual minutes yeah. I do not know if I would put the minutes up there. I was just going to put like a blurb, oh okay. What do you guys think I'm not sure what's appropriate with that yeah I think go ahead. You know just it's been delayed. You know blah, yes, because I do not think anybody wants to read through all the minutes and they do not necessarily make sense for everyone so we'll just I'll. Just I can work out and letting maybe I'll send it to you. If you want to look at the copyright thing, sure, okay, so great, but we got the images up there as cody's showing you right now. It was a little weird because we were really hoping to do this slideshow type of format, but apparently the site we're using unless you pay effort to upgrade it. There's no slideshow option so Brian who helped us with the website actually made it into this little quadrant thing a little hard to see the map is my only issue, the key. I even wonder if we should, if there's a way, we can pull that key out somewhere. Eventually, but that's not you know, that's not a that's, not an urgent issue. I mean, I know I've been kind of I'm missing an action on this. So I'm sorry, but just you know, one of my main things that I noticed right away is that you know when you click on what you know when you go into this website. You know cody if you scroll to the top like this is what you see and I was wondering if we can make it smaller so that you start seeing the images and what we're about sooner so people do not have to scroll to see it. I assume that's a brian question. I think it's yeah it's a design thing, so I think unless you start, I mean from my the little bits I know about this unless you start squishing those things like this, the that strip that says problem in place and everything I do not know. I think you have to kind of reformat it yeah go Ahead Lady is it this is done landscape. Is it possible? Does anybody know if it could be done portrait? You know the long way that way you would have the room on the page so that, because when we had, I think when we designed it, we kind of. Had that in mind, I think I'm not sure I have not looked at this on my phone, but I know I can no okay. So this is the switch to a phone. That's the phone under the whole view that release this is the the menu that serves as the Nav bar and then it becomes a vertical scroll. That's difficult! Now! Well, that's just on your phone right yeah! This is the mobile view yeah. This is how and that's how a lot of websites you have to scroll down, because they're so narrow, you can't see everything on the page is this page is done in landscape. You know with the wide the wide part it seems to me that our website pages are done in a portrait, which is the long way like an eight and a half by eleven sheet of paper, so to speak, and why my question is why this one was done: landscape instead of portrait. Is there an answer on that? I do not. I do not. I do not like that exactly I mean I think it's formatted for either a compute. You know a monitor yeah, I mean this is just yeah, I'm trying to get it to. No, it would happen cody. It would have to do with the entire layout being done that way. Right you're, also like the I'm screen, sharing a very wide large screen. Okay, no, but what I was. What I was wondering is it's still the way it's set up with the Ta. The tabs are the last thing we see on the bottom and that does not you know, that's my question all right and when we go to okay, oh okay, I see so, I think yeah. I think cody's sharing his friend. Yes, thank you. I think the way that the website's done is for whatever they think is a standard. You know dimensions of a standard, monitor or proportions so that you know typically, if you're on a regular monitor it would fill up your screen right and because you're yeah. So it's I mean I mean it's not a make or break, but you know if Brian can make you know the logo and the promo place community planning and the for who we are what we're about a little smaller so that people at least see that there's something underneath right. Thank you know right away because it almost looks like this is contained, like that. I mean yeah, I personally scroll down, but there are going to be people who think that that's the entire page and won't even you know you know- I mean yeah. I know what you yeah. I do know what you mean. I do not know how much more we wanna. I mean I've been asking a dozen questions like every day and we did. We did like a lot of little tweaks. There's still a lot of things that I think are outstanding too, like even the little p things that the header are cut off. Still, you know, there's definitely a few things I can find out just delete that it's not necessary to have it there. I agree, I agree, and you know I mean it. You know when I did my website making something smaller was not a big deal, but but I know what you mean so you know yeah. We can take it back and see yeah and then the graphics you know right. Have we got like some assignments for latest news and newsletter sign up survey information I mean. Are we going to try and do it once a month? What's the sort of strategy that we've got assignments for I'm sorry well, who's doing latest news, for instance. I do not know yet so that may be the only thing I was going to put an update. We talked about the one we want to do right away, which is probably the latest news we've heard from the task force meeting, but are we updating it monthly or are we updating it? Whenever we get an update? Is the thing like and you mean, do you send it out to people right and the newsletter? Do we actually? Are we going to plan a newsletter and how often I think the newsletter can be tied in with the latest news page right, and maybe I do not know how that gets. I think I think that whatever I just think whatever items we have should be if they are sufficient of interest to the entire community and that they should be included in the monthly newsletter monthly CB6 newsletter. I think, if we're taking on doing a newsletter for this, that's a big chunk. That's you know a lot of a lot of stuff, and maybe every month it does not have to be a full article for the CB6 newsletter, but it could just be a blurb about. You know, check the upcoming news at pearlman place or just a sentence or something yeah, because you're reaching a lot you're reaching a larger audience there as well, or we just put our news into the CB6 letter. Yeah. That's exactly have it here, yeah we're not going to have that much and anything that happens is going to be of interest to the entire community, and I guess the office can edit it down to whatever or we can send them a paragraph right. So maybe we do not have latest news and newsletter. We just have one or the other. What we just have latest news. We do not need, I just you know. Well, I think the thing is like if we say newsletter sign up, you know they are signing up for something. Are they signing up from for updates of the latest news? Why do not we say up signing up for latest updates or something then be specific, because if we have a newsletter, that's a whole other project, and are we going to have enough all of the time for that right? We want to be able to get news out and about- and we can you know also- the office is going to have to do it so that if we have upcoming news, that's one thing where maybe something could go out once a month? If there is something and every or every month we can have something in the newsletter, the latest about pearlman place project, and then you can have a sentence or two and click a link because the office is going to have to do it so do not want to make more work for them either. Is there a way cody to just have any time we do a latest news update that it gets blasted out to anybody who's on that? You know that sign up is that on the main cd6 or go this mini one on the front place, one yeah I mean we can do that so hard to do that and at any time, if that's what you want anytime, you post something new to latest news. We can just run the same copy there in a blast to everyone else. That would be fine yeah. I feel people who sign up for this. Sorry, there's like motorcycles out there. People who sign up for this are basically assuming they're going to get the latest news right on this particular project. So anytime we post something. I think it would be good to send a little e- blast or email to them. So, instead of saying newsletter, you could say update, be you know, get updates from pearlman play about something well, that one little button, because we were trying to figure out what it should say. I think Brian, because it said something else before and it did not make sense either. So I think it should just say sign up what should we say because it is like latest news sign up or survey. It says latest news right there, that's it they informed no, but the problem. The only problem, though, ladies that green button, next to the blue, one that says newsletter sign up. It should just say: where? Is it I'm not going to do that survey? Where is it I'm? Looking on this yeah cody? Can you scroll down on this screen thing, because I'm doing this on my cell phone so right under where it says? Oh, I see it. I see it. I'm sorry, I'm a bad girl. My mind is elsewhere. Today I apologize to everybody. I think. Maybe it just says, sign up slash survey. We just get rid of the word newsletter yeah. There is a sign up. You know, portion of that, so they're not or you could say, latest news survey. Well, we already have latest news. That's or it's all one thing. No, I do not know. I think it's all one thing, and it just says latest news and sign up. Okay latest news up on top too and yeah many places. Okay, maybe we get rid of the blue button that says latest news just say: sign up slash survey yeah this news survey. I do not know what was the consensus here sign up for news and survey instead of slash and survey, so they know there are two things: okay and then scrolling down. I know we'll try to see if we can squish it to see a little more of the site, but because it looks lovely I mean it's workable right. I think it needs some tweaking, but it works. Oh yeah. I think we just need to keep updating it. So is there anything else you guys want to look at quickly, just let's just scroll down on that page, a little to see. What's there overview photos, possibly we can have two squares, one! That's the map and one that's for photographs. Oh yeah, that's good! I tried we'll just pick one more photograph. I think it was just like a formatting but I'll talk to you. Fine, if we have another one, and even if the map is like a long yeah alongside it right a little bigger, we want to be able to see it. I would have the map the size of that square. Almost you know and then the whole square right. I did not have to enact like three little ones I tried doing that was harder. I tried to do. I tried to tell him like three little ones as a band with the map. Above all these somehow that did not seem to work. I do not know, because I'm not designing this. If anyone else has to jump in here and do it is there any way we could put the map on us on its own page on its own defined area, make it its own page, yeah, talk to Brian and see about running them side by side if it could be a two- column situation here I do not know. I do not know how this thing is built. Yeah I mean we just tell them. The goal is to get a bigger map and that we can provide more photos if it, if need be yeah. We already had some other photos. We can just pick another one yeah, and then you can. I mean right now, it's just kind of hidden over there. It's important information, it's important the map right yeah agreed. Okay, so, let's see, if we can do that, why does it say more information when you hover? Does it take a little more information? This takes you to what the what's up page okay, so it would be cool if we did have something where it was just the map blown up on another page, but maybe people won't look at we'll just have it side by side. If we can, I want to make it overly complicated and then everything else is pretty straightforward below that on the who we are. I do not think, let's just go through the pages, really quick, because I feel like I'm getting more input with everybody. I do not know if we should say that first sentence, if that's did not, we say like we're, not sure. If that's really true, if this is the largest sale right, we could say could be one of the one yeah one yeah, okay I'll just. I think we should change it to will be one of the that's great idea and then I think everything else is good. Okay, what's up basically yep a little historic info. What you need to know is fine, I think, and then get involved, takes you right back to that sign up thing right: where is this get involved? Those are some things you can do right, okay, yeah, all right, so any other comments on the website in general. We can see if we can fix the home page a little bit. It needs a little tweaking, but it's it! You know. Even without this tweaking it's good. It's I mean yeah, it's good, congratulations and cody. Thank you, yeah thanks cody, and to Brian, especially to Brian, both of them and wells who set it up. Initially, yeah. Really, that's the hardest part! Okay, all right! So I think we have something here, any other comments on the website. You guys are being very quiet. All the women are doing all the talking here and cody he's jumping in for the guys, nothing you got it under control. Oh, I know that. That's not the question. Just wondering no comments on the website. I like it. Okay, I mean you know it's the need that we're filling is a pretty basic public information one and I think that you have to be in a way to do it. Okay, good and it's simple yeah I did. I agree with the other guy, there's multiple guys: okay, all right, you're, a block, you're, a voting block and let's, if there's nothing else on that, let's move on to the second agenda item, which is the updates from the Msbi Task Force meeting. That honestly feels like a million years ago. I can't even remember it was October like Mid- October, we had a meeting and they did distribute the minutes. I do not know if I agree with every last thing on the minutes, but you know it was. It was really everything that we talked about before and cody. If you can, you can pull up that the minutes that I think I shared to share those with you one moment yeah when you get a chance. So basically they said that everything was again with Covid-19 and the issues and the you know, concerns about a second wave and all these other things everything had been put on hold, but they have been meeting you know their real estate division has been meeting on all these things and everything's back on the table and oh yeah, and before I forget the beginning of the meeting, was about the closure. This does not really have a lot to do with our working group committee, but I thought it was interesting to highlight because they are closing this opioid treatment center. That is basically on my block and it's on 2nd avenue between 24th and 25th street, very low, like 2, yeah, two- story building. I think some of you guys might know it because of some issues that they had and it was really about an audit that went crazy and they have to. They have to get out of there, then they're re assigning all the clients that were coming there to other other treatment centers, but I was just it just occurred to me as I'm walking by that building all the time. It feels like an opportunity there, because it's this corner building it's very low. I think the air rights, the building next door purchased some of their rights for that. So I'm not sure what's left like how high they could go, but in thinking about all these like opportunities in our district for things that we're talking about at Msbi just popped out as like that would be a nice place. You know like a nice kind of central place for some kind of community center or senior space, or something to that effect. There's a lot of there's a lot of populations in this area, whether it's you know seniors or like kids or somebody that could really use uses space like that, no idea how to deal with it, but I'm just putting that out there and Kavitha who owns the building. I have the information, it's a private, it's privately owned. It's been owned by the family for about 50 years. It has, but it's for sale or for lease. The big sign on there says right now, so they are looking to get rid of it or have a new tenant, and I mean it's not that it's in disrepair, but it's not it's not the most beautiful building and it could really use some thought about what could go on that corner? That very you know, kind of prominent corner could be something interesting, so just a thought to put out there and then scrolling down. We do not have to look at all the things about that particular point. They gave Jeremy yeah. We can stop there for a second, so Jeremy Bill gave a presentation about the financial situation and, while there's no solid projection, they expect to lose hundreds of millions of dollars, which I think they already you know had anticipated this. We talked a little bit about what they've been doing and how much they've been getting covered patients through the peak of the pandemic and not been able to do their elective surgery so again, even further in the hole they're still going forward with the Rivington, the lower East side, the facility there it's just been delayed, and now it's going to be opened at the end of 2022 and they said there will be no interruption of services. So everything that's currently happening at our district site will continue until they're ready to move things there. So then Beth Israel itself the problem in place sites. They will not close it. As I said, they're reevaluating every aspect of the hospital and they said they'd come back to the group with a proposal, but you know they did not give a timeline with a lot of pushing we kind of got the sense that it was somewhere around like under a year six months, six months from now. Maybe we're thinking they're going to have some planning ideas. I do not know you know. I think we should put an update on our prom and play site about this, just because we do not we kind of assume we're they're moving forward with the full shebang like the sale of everything and that's not necessarily the case. They even said it's not in the minutes, but they did say in the meeting that it's even on the table for them to stay at the current facilities and upgrade, even though I know in the past, they said that was not viable, so now they're. Looking at that again yeah, I agree it should go in the and the latest news yeah. So that way we can just make sure we're stating that without having to put all these minutes in there, I do not think okay yeah, you can scroll to the next page, reevaluating everything yeah. They said that they are re- looking at the capacity, because they've learned a lot after Covid-19 in terms of you know they do they. Obviously, they needed the surge capacity that they had for the extra beds, so that did help, but they've also been able to accommodate a lot more people through via telehealth and other methods. You know, with Covid-19 they've, been rethinking how they do things so they're redesigning kind of the capacity of what they actually need, which is why they've gone back to the drawing board. Of course, we talked a little bit about you know if they're reevaluating everything do they need to look, and I think it's a little bit lower down. Do they need to look at the certificate of need so that did come up. I know we came into this when we went through the Bennett Midland Review. They mentioned the reevaluating, the con, which had kind of the different districts siloed in terms of what was leaving our district and what was going downtown. So they said they are. They are going to reevaluate everything. I do not know if that means that we should, you know, ask or like I already shared this with health and education, I'm not sure if we should pursue. I know Jim had written a draft of a letter to the State Department of Health, asking like for re- evaluation of the cons and looking at it as a bigger picture. They said they're doing that. I do not think we necessarily need to do anything. We did mention that Kavitha. Could I call your attention to there's a question by a member who's attending Mary Brosnahan, who happens to be an expert in this field? If you could look at her question, which is relevant, okay amidst continued opioid crisis, do we really want to lose treatment instead? I can't really speak to that. I mean I know in terms of treatment beds. I'm not sure. I know that they're moving a lot of things down to the I believe to the Rivington facility and in terms of opioid clinic, you know the one that we mentioned at the beginning, that's moving. They said they were able to reassign everyone that not a lot of those folks that were coming. There were not necessarily from the district or from the neighborhood. Anyway, they were traveling there, so it seemed like they did a pretty good job of being able to accommodate everyone, but I can't really speak to the treatment good question. I do not know if anybody else has anything to say on that. Okay, so we did really talk about not siloing. You know looking at both things together, we did say trying to get some plans together for community engagement. I really appreciate I really appreciate your not siloing comment, because I think it really. It has gotten problematic the way, they're thinking about them a separate project. I agree, rich, I think that's really important, and that was where things became. I thought that was one of the valuable things that came out of us doing that whole exercise with Bennett Midland, and you know like just looking at it as a whole. I mean they say that they are looking at it as a whole. So that's great again, I think, in terms of assessing what would be beneficial to the community. We need to continue to continue on that front. Know about this website. Has it been run past them or like the equivalent of, I guess their health? You know whatever committee would be equivalent. Has it been run past them run past msbi, yeah, no CB3 db3. Do they know about the website? No, I do not know. I have not communicated with CB3 about the website, but we should Eb3 was definitely you know yeah in the task force meeting. We can definitely do that. You can reach out any other thoughts on that I mean they can be. You know it should be yeah you and our new chair kyle should just kind of stick to it together and see how to reach out and just send them like say this is a draft of you know almost finished of our website. Do you have any comments? Any ideas just to start a conversation? Okay, I think that's a great idea. You can definitely do that and that way. Also, if we get latest news, I mean we could include things we get from them as well about what's leaving and what's going into their district right. I think that was really that was really. It is anything else highlighted in this. That's the end. Well, that's all I really had from that meeting update. So again, I just think it's important to say that are kind of gifting and a little bit delayed, but I shared with mfb that we're putting the information down to the best of our knowledge and they can inform us if they think there's something else that we need to be saying or there's been other updates. Okay, cody! Stop sharing that any other questions. Yeah. You have another question in services. Oh look at me. So much remind everyone. That's yeah! I know it's. This is the thing daughter was born at Beth Israel. So I just I do understand like I feel like the neighborhood is losing a lot of this stuff. You know bit by bit, not even bit by bit big hospital by big hospital. Things are leaving. So this is the concern and I do agree with you there. So we have to keep that in mind which reminds I guess, Points Mary points out that you know we should also reach out to CB5 yep. I was just going to say that yeah, that's good, I think that's an excellent idea. You know, as we identify stakeholders right that becomes that's you know. Okay sounds good, so going back any other questions on the task force, meeting or thoughts on that. Do you think I see anything? Did the the you know the birthing center that any of that came come up or you know like? I think it came up, even though I do not think I saw yeah thanks Mary. We definitely will collaborate with you and with anyone who's willing to collaborate with us on this. I think it's important birthing center did. I think somebody did mention that as well. As you know, other facilities that were getting lost, I did not get any kind of update on that from Msbi or what they're thinking you know. I think they're just saying they're, considering everything so kind of a big umbrella response bringing that up so moving on to the next agenda topic. You can just and sorry to go back for just a minute, but are we going to put together a list of things that we really want them to study, then? Is that what they're looking like they that we want msbi to study right yeah, I mean we can provide the list, but my thought was also you know we can that's what's on our website right about things, we're considering and I think them, but I think getting some getting moving on this community outreach is really critical and getting some feedback and then also at the same time, and I'm not sure how we do this and, I think Karen. I think you had done a lot of this in the past. You know pulling data about what we're losing how many beds. What do we need? Those are really those things to do: they're doing that health survey right now, which I'm not sure what the end result of that is or who they're I'm not falling asleep. All right I'll make it up, Mute Lou mute, but is do we have a timeline or a deadline for putting together that information for them yeah. We know that they're about six weeks out from I mean six months out from making some overall real estate decisions. I would think that we have to do this in the next couple months. So that's why I was going to move out into the outreach planning and see if we could get climbing together, and I will talk towards the end of the meeting. I want to talk about how we do this and how we have a ongoing strategic plan for this. You know, month to month, Bob, were you going to say something yeah, okay, so I did. We talked about with even with the website that we were going to try to have just pdfs that we could attach to emails. You know for our outreach- and I roughly just did that, but knowing that we have to make a bunch of updates to the website we can. We can tweak it and then put that together. It may also be good to have kind of a one pager that we can put together. You know a flyer type thing that if we do end up at some point being able to send something out to people- or I do not know how long it is until we meet in person- that's another thing to discuss methods of community outreach other than the website. I think it would be nice that if one of our upcoming meetings really was more geared towards getting the community involved, you know once we get this kind of up and running. We invite people to it in a wider sense kind of like her in what you did with the with the shelter situations and the updates. You know, I think that's definitely was on a lot of people's minds. So you had a huge attendance and I'm not sure if we get the same thing for this, unless we actually get people thinking about it, you know, but that was one way I thought would be interesting just to have like a big zoom meeting and maybe have some parts of that had like surveys or questions or things that we can get some input or we could have people feel out the actual survey during it. So we need to also review our outreach list that we had before. I know we had like a dropbox with people had signed up for outreach to various community groups. Tell me what you think: we need to do before we're ready to do that other than you know, making the tweaks to the website and having something we can actually attach to emails. You know I'm looking to you guys for some planning ideas. For that I mean do we do we think that the community, the people we reach out to will know about this? We have to educate them, and so in some cases this will be their first awareness of it. I think, if we're reaching out to some bigger, more savvy groups that are in the neighborhood, they obviously know about it already, or at least the key members of those groups know about it, but I think there's definitely we have to prepare it for people that had no idea, but is it is not that the whole point of the website, so we do not have to like double, do the double work. I mean it's all on the website, so we just kind of have to just send a link now and outreach in a way that people are actually going to pay attention to it right yeah. I mean my notes that I had from a long time ago. I'm so sorry is, but I do keep my notes so that I wanted to contact open, New York, and I can definitely still do that, and I think we can do that with what we have now yeah I mean they definitely will want to be involved. Yeah and the other good work great. So I mean rich. Do you? Do you know them you sound? I do I do so, maybe better if you do it yeah. I can I'm happy to what what's the message. The message is, this thing is happening. We are, we are attempting to build a coalition to steer the development of it and we would like you all to be aware. I mean: is that basically what it is exactly right: okay, we collaborate. I I've actually mentioned it on twitter and interacted with them, so I think they know what's happening, but I'll approach them formally and let them know okay, yeah and if they have any ideas yeah, you know they can fill out the survey and they can send a survey to their members if they want to, they could yeah. Are there any other groups like that rich or current or anybody else? I know that there's other people we should get in front of, because that could save us some. You know yeah, there's a they're, the visible one, I'm not sure how big they are, but they're definitely visible yeah. The other group that I have- and I think it was sandy who made me aware of them- is the municipal art society of New. York Sandy was that you who told me about them, maybe I mean they deal with community planning and urban planning in this city. So certainly once you know once there's a someone considering building, they would be involved. They may not be the right people to ask about what the community wants, but maybe I mean it certainly can't hurt. We should definitely ask yeah just I'm wary about like the things that go out and are you know, alerting developers about this opportunity, as you know, not that we do not want the right developers to get involved, but that, as opposed to more community engagement Outreach? So that's what I'm trying to think of like who are the right people to go. Go to other than like the local organization. The list you originally compiled, yeah, that's what we were going to pull up the list that we compiled. We already had sign up of several of you guys saying those lists. That's a good start, CB3 CB5, and then we also had local, the tenants associations, local religious institutions, any other big groups that are in the neighborhood and then and then and a blurb in the CB6 newsletter, with a link to the survey and a link to whatever yeah. I think that's how we start with the big ones and we can kind of the municipal arts society used to be Jack Taylor and he used to be heavily involved with CB6. I do not know who replaced him if you can find out who replaced him. They stay up to date with what's going on with CB6, but it used to be Jack Taylor, but he passed away. Okay, I find out- and I think really that's it. I want to get a timeline for this, so if we can get do you guys think that we need to make it all these tweaks to the website or do you think we just go ahead and put together some kind of email, outreach and start sending them? I think, get it started, because you, I think the thing that you've got to figure out at this point. We're heading into Christmas: I know that's what I'm thinking. So, if I is there any hesitation about doing this, getting everything ready and doing this having it ready to go, maybe the first week in January rather than having it or it has to be the beginning of December or the end of this month. I mean what we have. We can go with and get it started because we're constantly going to be tweaking and updating. So I think what you what's there now, unless somebody disagrees, is good enough to go. You've got information there. I agree. I think we should move forward yeah, because otherwise what you're looking at is January. I do not Wanna. I do not wanna wait till January for sure. Okay, then December everybody's going to be sort of sedate for these holidays, so they can stop with ideas. It's got to be the first week or the first two weeks in December, because after that you're into Christmas and new year's and hanukkah, you know yes, oh thanks Corinne, you got the Elizabeth Goldstein as the President Municipal Art society got it great okay. So in terms of outreach to these folks, we'll figure out ready to go, consider it ready to go okay. So all we need is like a really like the email and the text of the email and the link to the website and the email addresses. I think we should kind of compile the list and before we meet again and get it ready to go by our next meeting, which is the beginning of December right. We can put a an item in the December main CB6 newsletter, an announcement linking to the any one pager the website and the we can say in that right. Here's a another newsletter specific to this. So if you're interested please sign up and great that's, I was going to say as long as we put a little thing in there that says that ask them to sign up and then yes are you? Okay? If I already reach out to Stuyvesant park and Susan Steinberg, I think you can go ahead. Absolutely yeah and you know- and you know, and but I will also like- I think I'm going to reach out with you know. If you have any comments, you know we're still, you know we can we're going to draft kind of updates. Please let us know right so, if you're, okay with that I'll, do that tomorrow or over the weekend and then I'll work with kyle to reach out to the other boards, the related boards, and then, let's make a as long as we kind of keep a running list of who we've done the outreach to and who's done it we can put together a spreadsheet or something that we can track it I'll make sure to ccu or bccu. Okay. The first thing you should be doing. I may have missed it, but I was going to suggest that you reach out to Susan Susan's pretty up to date on all of this, so it would be a good person to reach out to her yeah and maybe cody. We can get something that all of us can put in updates and who we've contacted. I think we had that somewhere already. Maybe we just updated it sure I can look again, Google Doc or something I do not know whatever yeah. Okay, any other thoughts on outreach and timing, so we're trying to do it by kind of like by the end of the month. I think before our next meeting, just at least the initial outreach, especially if we're reaching out to people that were asking for some input on the site on information anything else, they think we should have on there right all good okay. I think I think the other thing to think about in terms of in terms of mounting an outreach campaign is also we're going to send this out it will it look, they will get something people on the list that you have will get something it will be in the newsletter which is out December 1st. So maybe, if you want to be slightly aggressive by maybe the 15th of December, you can send some kind of a follow- up if you wish or just plan what the next thing is, that's going to go out and when maybe, if it's just maybe it's right after the new year, I think it's January right. I think we send this out announcement. We try to get the outreach out around the same time as the newsletter and then plan for an update in after the new year, something in something after the new year or just call attention to something after the new year. That way that way, you've already got a campaign started because I find sometimes people do not pay attention until they get something the third time right and then, when should we plan to have any kind of meeting that we involve? You know we engage more of the community and, if that's something that we think we can garner, maybe January or February January February yeah. Maybe that could be the second thing that we're sending out right. We've gotten meetings and the answer. There is we've gotten a wonderful response and we thought we'd like to get people together, Mm-, hmm exactly, and maybe we can even combine. I can talk to other. You know like combined with, like the health committee or somebody else who may have a mistake in this. Absolutely questions are going to come up as they did about beds and different services that are moving. It might be good to do that in conjunction, so I can read about that. You've got it planned already. You can also probably reach out to Joan Bernbaum because she's on the board right, but she's. Also the pres co-, president of the gramercy Stuyvesant independent democratic club, oh okay, so you can reach out, as you can read out like what my committee so I'll yeah, that's what I'm saying, but she wears another hat, so you can reach out to her in that position will do good idea, claude yep, any other ideas like that feel free or send a note afterwards. Okay, so I think we have some planning to do for the outreach and we're getting ready and we'll get a blurb together for the emails are we doing? Is anybody want to work on that, like just a note for the email that the link no corrine says? No, is that a rich thing to do? I do not know or a letty thing to do or lou do you want to anybody feel like jumping in on that writer rich is a very good writer which is you know there? You go him, let rich do it just give me clear direction about what you want. I can do it: okay, 50 words or less dynamite, how's that the direction it's a good place to start and everything you said before right, you hit the nail on the head with that: okay right all right, so if that's it for the outreach for now, we have a lot to do on that. I know the next agenda item that I had, which I was almost going to take off of here- was just it was just a recap of the remapping the streets. I do not want to go through the whole discussion. Again. We've talked about this multiple times. I still think that there are some opportunities there. I think, last time we met, we decided that 26th street was a you know to scrap that one and look at 30th and maybe 16th street. I still think there's some opportunities, even with ESCR and everything else in terms of waterfront access. I was looking back at the 197A plan and I do not think we should. You know let that go any thoughts from anyone. I a couple of you were not at the meeting last time. So did anyone have any input on that? I could not make it, but I think they're long- term plans, but it means you have to start working now. I just take, as we all know, it takes forever to get some of these things done, yeah and that kind of segues well into the next agenda item, which is across committee opportunities because I feel like 197a, is more like a tool to be able to make progress and all these other things that other committees really oversee so earlier this week, Adam and Sandy and rich- and I just met really quickly about some things going on in land use and opportunities in terms of affordable housing and other things. We talked about the waterfront access too, but I think we need to do a lot more overlap. Ideally, we were saying I was saying too that we'd like to and I'll talk to kyle about. This is to see if we can have a representative of each of the committees on this 197a, which we almost have we're not quite there. Yet, though, I think we're missing a couple, I think we're missing Basa, I think we're missing. None of us are on the Parks Committee right. I think there's a couple of committees missing that it would be interesting to add on and then one really interesting thing. I do not know if we should go into it now or if anybody has the energy for it, but there we did review on Monday when we, when we met briefly a report that George James did having to do with rent stabilization and kind of a history of that and CB8. I do not know if any of you are familiar with it, but there was some really great information in there and I think it gives us a little bit of ammunition or you know precedent or background for what why you know we need more affordable housing units in our district as well as many others, but you it's very compelling to see. What's happened over the years, I do not know cody. Do you have that report? I do I also that has been the map that George created yeah. That's what I was like when he was doing this report for CB8 I've put in at least the last two member Wednesday emails. Okay, I do not know if people have looked at that. Are they interactive? Oh, do not say that and we get 100 readership come on. Is it the interactive map? Yes, yeah, that one's really great? It basically goes if you guys are not familiar with it. Now did not. If you did not click on that. It shows you how many of these stabilized we do not have to go through the whole report. It can just kind of fast forward into Remember. I do not think I figured it out, but there was just a couple of things in there yeah we go back one go back. I had highlighted just a couple of notes in here, one more: no, oh, that's it so yeah I mean this has to this has to do with community district 8 because they, actually, if you look at that, chart that they have together they've lost a lot. You know. Basically, they expire over time. The rent stabilized units right so they go away and some are added on they're, triggered by affordable housing. You know developments and new construction and sometimes some redesignation of existing. But if you look at it overall, the losses are huge and cody. I do not know which page it's on, but there's like one that shows all the districts and how much how many they have I'll find that sorry, the the laws were, thankfully changed, so that they can't fall out of stabilization anymore, which that's yeah. That's great yeah. You find that this slide with the chart. Okay, sorry guys, bear with me I'll. Keep it brief. That's the thing is this yeah right before that yeah sorry, it'll, rent stabilized units- and it just shows you basically the increase in each district and the decrease, and then the net gain or loss. So, if you look across the line for our district, we had a net loss of about yeah, exactly highlighted of 3000 units, and you can see districts have a lot worse, the one that he did. The report about eight was the worst using net 14,000 units, but I think this stuff is not really readily available. They have to kind of go through taxes and other things to pull this information. So I find it really compelling to look at that and look at other pieces of information like this when we put together our reasoning for why we need to look at you know, adding affordable housing or other types of things to any opportunities we see in our district. The thing that he did, which was really remarkable here, is that the others had done this, like tax data scraping from 2007 to 2017, but no one had updated it since that had been done for 2017 through 2020, so he did that for all of Manhattan. That's why he's got all 12 community districts here, which is great yeah. The interactive map is amazing too. He basically shows with like just red and blue dots. Can you show that, like just zoomed out map of Manhattan get one second so yeah? This is the Manhattan only map that he created that you can click within each community district and right learn more right, and if you do click, you basically see you can see immediately who's had you know the biggest losses over time, or so a couple of people who've had a couple of areas that have had games anyway. This is something that I see is like really something you can use across committee opportunity to really dig into and and use as like historic data that you can make a case for so any thoughts on that everybody's, tired everybody, not yet we won't know yet. Hopefully, one thing that we talked about was after you know if we all have the chance to read through this, that we could ask George James to do something, that's very specific to CB6 exactly and that we do. You know we probably have a little bit of money still in his that our pot that we use for his his fees that we could actually take a look at this and it would be good to do it with again land use, and I do not know I mean I think Claude. You have a huge wealth of knowledge about the different programs that I think word. You know when you look at the map, you see, there's all these different types of programs and some have lost and some have gained, and maybe we could just have you know a joint meeting with between 197a and land use. Where we talk about all these, or maybe it's the full board, where we talk about all these different programs and what's happened with them inside CB6 yeah. I think I think it'd be really informative. Is that something that seems possible claude or is that it's highly possible land use hardly ever looked at that kind of stuff, though it was really done under housing, not land use- and you know yeah and sorry to interrupt, but now like now, because the city is using zoning to try and work with, you know, affordable housing. It has become a bit of a land use. I mean it's cross- pollinating now between those different groups. Well, it should have been there all the time. It was just that land use never wanted to wanted to take a look at it. So you know, I think, that's true yeah. I think Adam is saying who's on the phone. Sorry, I'm assumed you know wants to really tackle this, and you know I mean I you know there's only so many things I can keep track of, and I've been so busy with the shelters and that you know, but you know I'm happy for anybody in housing to to represent on this yeah enrich you with that tool and Adam look. It looks like Adam's on here too, so I think this is really a good opportunity. I think we should have maybe a full. Is this something that I think should be? I find it really interesting, but I think it's something that the whole board should really look at. Maybe it is part of the billboard right. Maybe we should just devote one. You know a big portion of one meeting to this and let everybody understand- and we could- and you know maybe cody- we send it out as just a specific email like look at this and I think or rich did you want to speak to what housing is doing with Hri yeah I mean tangentially related. I think I think that the people here mostly know but we're we are working with an advocacy organization to identify some 421a landlords who have violated the terms of their tax benefit by not handling their rent stabilized units properly and apparently those are very easy to find and the organization the Housing Rights initiative is experienced in advocating in these cases. So we'll see where it goes. I mean and that's great, but we need. I mean, I think, what we need to step back and understand what that what that actually is. I think a lot of people do not know about the program and what's involved so you know it's maybe a bigger overview, but it's fantastic. You guys are doing that. I feel like it's a very what we're doing is a very small thing compared to the scope of the problem, but at least it's something, and it gives us some practice in you know dealing with the real world around these issues. Yeah- and I do not know- I think I think Adam's given permission now to speak, but I'm just going to say I think you know one of the things that brought this up was the whole Soho Noho rezoning. That was that's going. You know that's in full force right now and thinking about this in a bigger way that the city's actually doing these huge projects that allow for rezoning and and adding housing into places that you know was not really allowed before. But let me know Adam if you have anything to say on that. Not really much to add here. I've just been listening in yeah. I do think this is a very important issue. I think it's very important to you know like you, can basically the whole nexus like of this conversation and for what I guess what we've been talking about for, I think over a month now is that you know this is a real heavy lift and it's going to require. You know a lot of collaboration amongst the different different committees and disorders are really tackle so yeah. I think language is willing to do it's part and yeah. I mean that's pretty much. All I have to say to that is like we're willing to do our part within the committee right and we are too so yeah just we have to look at you know who has whatever opportunities here, but if there's more research and things that need to be done and really compelling information like this, I think it helps us make the case yeah absolutely and thank you thank you once again, for maybe the thousandth time, if and that's not enough for actually attending the Soho, Noho rezoning and taking notes and collecting information for that. I think that was really helpful. You know, I guess we'll it'll be interesting to see how that how that process really evolves, if there's anything applicable for us, there will definitely be lessons learned one way or another, so I guess we'll always keep our eye out for that, so yeah, okay, yeah. The big difference, I think, is that seemed like a very top- down kind of thing that happened that the community may be not thrilled necessarily about, whereas we're trying to do more of a maybe grassroots or at least Community board driven effort, community- driven effort, so we'll see how that goes. But that's really all I had. I just wanted to talk about those kinds of opportunities and trying to push more of those forward and getting the right people on this particular working group so that we had a representative from each of the committees. So we could, you know, find those opportunities where they were. Okay, that's really oh go ahead on that, I think any other information, or else we'll move on to. I have a quick thing on my chairs report that I wanted to ask you guys and it's really about moving forward since we do have a lot of tasks and it's hard to track everything you know even with the website. So I think we need a a methodology for that and I dragged Letty into a meeting with where cody showed us how to use something called trello, which is a you know, kind of a tracking, app or a site, or whatever you call it platform where you can track tasks and assign them to people and put you know, deadlines to it and all this stuff. I do not know if that's too complicated for us at this point and we should keep it just simple and and really just have more, like tracking in terms of a simple task list. A bloody already started, one for us, which we may end up using. I wanted to get your thoughts on that as well. If anyone had experience with those and what they thought about feel it to jump, I mean I mean I love anything that where everything is in one spot and it's all organized and it's clear and I can just go there and it's there and I do not have to keep track of it myself. But you know, if not everybody uses it. There's there there's! No, you know, then it's just kind of more work for you because, like half people are using and the other half are, and so that was my hesitation with something like trello, I feel like everyone has to sign up and then they have to sign on it and get on it, not that it's very hard, but we can keep it more kind of unified in terms of whether we just keep it in that list in the dropbox or somewhere, where we could all get to it easily, and I do want to make sure we're checking taking things off the list as we go, especially if we're trying to do this outreach really quickly. Is that generally the consensus to do simple tracking lady? I know how you feel already I like I, like simple tracking, I do a simple table which has the category the project, what it's about who's been tasked and the date it's due and any other notes that we want to put on it and that's very simple: it's a it's a table, it's done in word and it can be sorted by category by date by who's assigned who's, tracking who's tasked and- and we can add, you can add columns as you need them. Okay, so other thoughts on that you're going to start that way, yeah. We can start that way and I can sit down with you anytime. You know we can do it on the phone. Just I made some notes that I'll add, and I think you probably have a better sense than I or when I get the when we get the minutes for cody. If you send me a transcript, well, it's being videotaped right. So trust me. I can send you a transcript, that's fine! I can take it off that I prefer the transcript because that's already typed out and I can cut and paste from that. It's a lots and I can see everything that was done and I will do it from that. Okay, no problem, I think that's everything I had and does anybody have older new business? Please raise your hand. I can't see everybody. I'm looking nope looks like no, so I'm going to ask for. If that's it, then I'm going to ask for a motion to adjourn question to adjourn. Second, there's no objections. We're going to adjourn the meeting. I do not see any objections. Everyone's tired got it okay, seeing no further business. This meeting is adjourned at 8:15 P.M. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good night.",
            "summary": "Definitely a few more tweaks we'd like to make to the design, and maybe a couple of links and things that we want to make active.\nThe links are actually you know the stuff on top who we are what's up, why we care get involved, are all active and CB6 just takes you back to the CB6 main website.\nYou know blah, yes, because I do not think anybody wants to read through all the minutes and they do not necessarily make sense for everyone.\nIt's, a design thing, so I think unless you start, I mean from my the little bits.\nYou know the long way that way, you would have the room on the page so that, because when we had, I think when we designed it, we kind of.\nI do not know yet so that may be the only thing I was going to put an update.\nWe talked about the one we want to do right, away, which is probably the latest news we've heard from the task force meeting, but are we updating it monthly or are we updating, it.\nI know we'll try to see if we can squish it to see a little more of the site, but because it looks lovely.\nLet's move on to the second agenda item, which is the updates from the Msbi Task Force meeting.\nBasically, they said that everything was again with Covid-19 and the issues and the you know, concerns about a second wave and all these other things everything had been put on hold, but they have been meeting.\nYou know their real estate division has been meeting on all these things and everything's back on the table.\nYou know, with Covid-19 they've, been rethinking how they do things so they're redesigning kind of the capacity of what they actually need, which is why they've gone back to the drawing board.\nWe should, you know, ask or like I already shared this with health and education.\nI think before our next meeting, just at least the initial outreach, especially if we're reaching out to people that were asking for some input on the site on information, anything else, they think we should have on there right all good.\nIf you want to be slightly aggressive by maybe the 15th of December, you can send some kind of a follow- up if you wish or just plan what the next thing is, that's going to go.\nAnybody want to work on that, like just a note for the email that the link no corrine, says.\nI, know the next agenda item that I had, which I was almost going to take off of here.\nWhen we put together our reasoning for why we need to look at you, know, adding affordable housing or other types of things to any opportunities.\nI just wanted to talk about those kinds of opportunities and trying to push more of those forward and getting the right people on this particular working group so that we had a representative from each of the committees.\nNo, you know, then it's just kind of more work for you."
        }
    }
}