{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "MCB6",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuyttcIOr8klhOsFm9B_VHA",
            "title": "Manhattan Community Board Six - Executive Committee Meeting - 11/18/20",
            "publishDate": "2020-11-19",
            "shortDescription": "",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:08:45"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "MCB6",
            "normalizedName": "Manhattan Community Board 6",
            "twitterName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Manhattan Community Board Six",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVn0y_oPVdX0vvRFl70YAig",
            "twitterHandle": "@cbsix",
            "dateCheckLast": "11/5/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "qFSKUYsrxaE",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 178,
                "um": 205
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "41 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "6 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "safety": 31,
                "rights": 20,
                "housing": 17,
                "transportation": 16,
                "health": 16,
                "education": 16,
                "business": 13,
                "ideas": 11,
                "idea": 11,
                "parks": 11
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "safety": 9,
                "rights": 8,
                "education": 4,
                "transportation": 3,
                "housing": 3,
                "budget": 3,
                "dining": 3,
                "focus": 2,
                "services": 2,
                "health": 2
            },
            "fullTranscript": "Give me one second here: while we have a second I, have something to announce. You see this yeah, it's a phone booth, yellow pads on the ground. That was a phone booth that was here for the last eight and a half years. At least congratulations yeah and you took it home using it now. Is that progress it missed the pandemic. All right we're turning video off until I get upstairs I have to say how long it takes to remove those simple phone booths and how many emails have to go out and how many members you can be involved to get a phone booth you know removed, is turning me into a libertarian, as opposed to a socialist within 20 years. You're doing all well, we are live, you're live, okay, fantastic all right! Everybody welcome to the November 18th 2020 meeting of the CB6 executive committee. My name is Kyla Thaid and I'm the chair of CB6. This meeting is being called to order at 6:33 pm tonight we are joined by district manager, Jesus Perez for members of the public of your attend any questions or comments that you have through the Q&A feature of zoom. If there is time following the committee's discussion, we will field questions from the public, so tonight's minutes will be taken by CB6 assistant, Secretary, Matt Bondi, and now we will begin by taking attendance by roll call. So please answer present when your name is called okay, I'll start to call the rule right now. Aside, present Bondi presents Brennan, that's it. This man presents Edgars here Harpy here Matthew here, O'keefe present Roberts President Santoro, here Shah, here, Sharad Gerard, okay, Thompson, here Vandadonk, here, Newenhoven here, okay, thank you very much. We have a quorum, both Claude and Letty are in the after the attendees, as opposed to the panelists. Is that by design or do they need to be promoted to analysts if they want to be promoted, they can be, but without panelists invites to the actual members of exec. Okay. Thank you for that and thank you. Matt for the attendance I appreciate that, so the agenda for tonight's meeting should appear on the screen before you. If there is no objection, we will adopt the agenda, as stated the members of the executive committee. If you object to adopting the agenda, please raise your hand through zoom, okay, seeing no objections. The agenda for tonight's meeting is adopted. The minutes from the October 21st meeting were distributed to executive committee members ahead of time by the board office. So there's no objection we'll adopt these minutes committee members. If you object to adopting the minutes again, please raise your hand through zoom, seeing no objections. The minutes from the October 21st meeting are adopted so to begin we'll just set some ground rules in order to conduct an efficient meeting. Let's observe a few of these one. No one may speak until granted the floor. Two committee members. If you have a question about committee business or wish to make a motion, please raise your hand through zoom. If you click the participants icon, the participants panel should appear and you should find the raise hand function there. If you still have technical difficulty. Click on the chat, icon and express your difficulty through the chat function should not be used for committee business or questions about agenda topics. All such remarks should be made on the record by raising your hand through zoom, it can only be used to alert us to any technical difficulties you are having or to state in writing information such as an email address or a link that was already stated allowed on the record during the meeting now once a committee member is given the floor to speak, I will identify you and you can unmute yourself so that you can speak and make your comment or ask your question. And, lastly, we are required by executive order to create a verbatim transcript of this meeting, so please make it easy on our secretary and assistant secretary and keep questions and comments, succinct and Germaine to this discussion all right. Let me end up all right, so I'm going to begin by delivering my chairs report. So the first thing that I want to mention is I again want to thank the previous executive committee for their leadership again, in particular our former chair Molly. Thank you so much for everything that you have done during your tenure for our district and for our board. You'll never be able to express appreciation and, as this being the first executive key since your term ended, you know, I want to welcome you to being a participant and I look forward to your continued contributions and definitely your mentorship and support. So thank you to all of the previous exec and our former chair. Molly I also want to discuss some housekeeping I want to bring this up for discussion to the to the executive committee about some reorganization that we have had part of this was required by people moving off and on and some chairs that needed to be replaced, and this really allowed us to have some time to re-eval, recalibrate and re-evaluate the organization of our committees and based on some of the feedback not only from the board itself, but also from people who interface with our board, whether they be the public or other community groups. I had some ideas on first of all, pulling out some committees and creating new committees and then renaming some of the committees so that they more closely described the work that the committee is doing, but also with public interface, so that people know where to go and which committees to go to, and so the first two committees that I'm thinking of creating, which are basically just pulling out from two other committees, is with the transportation and public Safety committee. I would like to pull out the public safety Committee from transportation and create a human rights and public Safety Committee, so that we can more closely focus on those specific issues and particularly in relation to one another human rights, public safety. This will also allow transportation to focus solely on transportation issues as well, and the second is to pull public health out from education and to create a public health, senior services and Social Services, one committee that focuses solely on those issues. So I'd like to open that up for any feedback. Any comments on that. This is essentially just pulling two things apart to most to be most efficient with our time, but also to make sure that, with these issues being very prominent not only nationally but in our district as well, to create these committees to give them the space and time to discuss such issues. So are there any feedback on that for any ideas on that? What's the proposed name of the second one public health yeah, so it's pulling out health information and it will be called public health senior services and Social Services John I, see your hand up. Please feel free to speak. Okay, no and I think you mentioned when we discussed this briefly privately of having the education committee also be youth in education, or is that something you reconsidered? Correct, yes, I'll be going I just want to talk about the two committees that I'm pulling out and then I'll talk about renaming after that I got it yeah I. This is something I actually raised to you to the former chair of our committee of our board and it's worth a good discussion. I think but I don't know whether you want to get into detail on it tonight for pros and cons, I think on both sides of separating the two committees, but that's certainly something I'd be happy to be supportive of. If that's the direction, you go all right. Thank you. John yeah, I, don't want to get too into too much conversation about it, but I do want to mention it to the exec committee and if there is feedback you know this would be the time to share that. So you can deliberate and reverse over it. If there are any ideas about that. Well, okay, so yeah, so the feedback would be that with education. There are many voices in the city already, so you know asking the committee to focus on education. You know would mean defining a specific role. I mean we have community education councils. We have pas, we have family community engagement, we have the chancellor's parent advisory committee. We have many groups that already focus on education, so it would be a really good discussion to say: okay, what is the unique community board contribution to the discussion of education in the city? And that's something I think is a good conversation to have not that it's maybe too much in the weeds to have tonight, but it would be a good conversation to have absolutely yeah. Thank you. Sorry. This is Sema I just you know I. Actually, now that I'm hearing you know these two committees and then kind of processing, the recommendation, or at least a suggestion, I actually think like social services, human rights and senior services, actually the three of them potentially there's like a string or thread that could tie all of that together, as opposed to doing what I think you were suggesting, which is human social services and what was it public, health and senior services? Yes, I actually think, if I'm understanding this correctly, like the thread to me, that's stronger is human rights, senior services and social services, and not tying human rights to public safety. I actually just had like a really visceral reaction to that. As like, not something I'd feel comfortable doing because I don't want them to be like two sides of a coin, but yeah I make that kind of recommendation or suggestion as a fine point to yours. Okay, thank you for that. Kavitha I see your hand up as well. Yeah I just had a question is that does, if are you pulling human rights, then out of the housing homeless and human rights committee that title yeah, so housing and I'll get into this in terms of renaming, but that I want to focus on housing and human rights? Oh sorry, housing and homelessness. The idea is that, at the end, a lot of these as Sema just eloquently put a lot of these issues are very interrelated to one another. So the hope is as well that a lot of these committees end up doing joint work as well, so human rights being a broad subject, obviously goes into housing as well goes into. Public health goes to education as well, and really kind of creating that environment that creates more partnership amongst our committees as well and engagement. That was kind of an idea of this. As well as to increase engagement again, not only within the board itself, but with public interface as well, so if someone had an idea about you know, where do I go for this type of topic, they would have a better sense of where to direct those specific incorporator ideas. Yeah I think I'm I kind of agree with Sema about the human rights and public safety feeling a little bit off, but I also do think that human rights- okay, like you said, encompasses so many different things. So it's a little confusing. It's like it's going to relate to what every committee you tie it in with like whatever title you put it aside next to it's going to be human rights in relation to this, so I think that's you know that makes it a little harder to decide where you actually put that huge, very important yeah, absolutely I appreciate that b. I see your hand up. Yeah I wanted to comment about the human rights and also public safety, because I've seen public safety being handled in a number of ways. Once it was a stand-alone committee as public safety and the people that were on transportation also were on public safety and it actually didn't work being a stand-alone. So we just actually put back public safety with transportation, and a lot of the issues on transportation are public safety issues that you deal with hazardous corners and stuff. So I think that still goes and I think we should actually try it under new leadership. But human rights is something that I had a visual reaction, also to talk about human rights and public safety. It really covers the range of all the committees you have and so I think that's more problematic, I, don't know! If you have in your mind an overriding committee. I, don't know if it goes in governmental or whatever, but I just don't think it just belongs with safety, because it really is a totally different issue. You appreciate that Corrine I see your hand up as well and if anyone else has any questions or come can't see everyone's screen. So if you could do the hand and zoom you're up I mean I agree with what v is saying and Kavita and Sima yeah at the same time, a standalone public safety without some kind of and something else can very quickly turn into a committee that is maybe a hyper focused on safety and not able to, and not looking at the broader picture. And so, if it's not public safety and human rights, it should be public safety and quality of life or I. Don't you know like something, I'm just concerned if it's just public safety that it will just kind of attract a certain way of thinking that I'm not comfortable with either all right. Thank you for that as well. Matt Roberts yeah, a couple of things on this I, don't think yeah I, don't think the human rights public safety is the most logical combination, there's just too much going on there. I do agree that public safety is probably not a standalone committee unless something else there. You know some months, you'd have a lot of content and then you'd probably go a few months where there's very little but I mean public safety kind of ties to a lot of our other committees. I mean you know: traffic safety in schools. You have safety, you know all over, like quality of life, I mean but again that bleeds into homelessness or some of the other things that brings committee is handling so I think there's probably a path here, I'm just not sure exactly all right. Thank you. Matt I appreciate that yeah. The thing that occurs to me is that public safety and public health both have public in them, but beyond that I think they might be a better fit than some of the other things that you're talking about the problem with putting it back into transportation. Is that the last times we had it in transportation? The committee meetings averaged two to three hours, because transportation has a lot to do in its own terms, and public safety wound up being pretty much an afterthought and I. Don't think that's I, don't think. That's the way to go. I think. Maybe if we beefed it up by putting it with public health, which is especially in the age of Covid-19, those two things strike me as being things that are related. That's it. Thank you for that's a good point as well and then mark leave your hand is up. Sorry, I, didn't see. Sorry I, don't know how to put the little hand thing up in the corner. I can't find that button. I'm like where is it yeah one alternative too we could have, is maybe having a task force because some of the issues, for example, you know public safety, is a major issue, but it doesn't always come up. Human rights is obviously a major issue doesn't always come up. You could just do task force that are called together when an issue is raised and it could be people from multiple committees. You know four people, let's say who could just you know, work on that then bring it back to committees rather than having to be a standing committee. That way we acknowledge the issue, but it's not. You know, Bulk committee, all right, that's a good idea as well. Thank you, yeah and b I see your hand is still up. Do you have an additional comment, or is that, just from before sorry, that's from before got to take it down? Thank you. Where is that? Where is the hand anyway, I can't find it there should be. If you see in the chat section, it's actually under participants all right. So thank you. Everybody for providing that feedback. Now, just to speak about some renamings and again, this could, you know, is open to feedback as well, if pulling out public health from education. I'd like to call it youth in education with business affairs, I'd like to call that business affairs and licensing a lot of people don't know what street activity stuff is and kind of thing. Everything comes from that so I wanted to put licensing for the title so that people know that we focus on licensing. Does that mean yeah? Maybe environment and parks is what I would like to call the parks committee, as it is now environment and parks, and obviously still overseeing landmarks and cultural affairs, but having that the title and then with the budget having it be known as the budget district needs, which I think are more closely aligned with the actual focus of the committee as well. So those are some thoughts on renaming and finance thoughts on that as well. I have one thought this is a little bit off the cuff, but what about potentially public safety and business affairs or business affairs and licensing, because a lot of the complaints that we get from folks within the businesses are around inadequate space to walk lots of trash everywhere, they're, actually like public safety issues like inaccessibility- and you know all of the sorts of things so I mean those are the types of conversations that we've been having yeah. That's a good point as well. I mean that's one of the things I was thinking about, like especially with human rights and then public safety. Is that a lot of these things again interrelate with one another, particularly with public safety? Again, it also is the idea of not wanting to make every single thing a public safety or then you know within a lot of people's mind a police issue, so really thinking about how connecting those as well, and that's also, why I wanted to bring it up for discussion as well to kind of think this through as an executive committee, whether on what makes the most sense moving forward. But thank you for that. That's a it's interesting that you were thinking about that as well. Kevin I, see your hand up. Yes, you had mentioned that. It also includes for environment and parks to include landmarks. How about arts and culture, because that's clearly has already been part of that committee yeah, so I don't want to make it too long of the name. Then it becomes kind of like a I love that you making things succinct. I'm just saying that, of course, that's also going to cover landmarks. Does that mean it's? Of course it's also going to cover cultural affairs, so your committee will still oversee that, doesn't necessarily need to be in the name, I think in the description so just really hitting on the idea of environment parks, which are the things that you will focus most most on and I know. Obviously, today we had a you know: correspondence about a landmark issue so still having that within the committee as well is important, but just thought to be more succinct and to the point. Yeah just want to make sure it hasn't been extracted to another committee. Thank you. So all right, so I don't see any other hands on this. So I appreciate everyone's feedback. I'll. Take that back and I'll work with the board staff, and that makes the most sense and obviously logistical sense that for me, so I'd like to now pass it on to our district manager, Jesus Perez. Thank you Kyle good evening, everyone I'll be quick. A minute's update for Basa the August and September minutes were received and they'll be voted on in November for parks. The November meeting minutes have been submitted and they're being reviewed by the committee chair. So that's good. The October minutes for transportation were submitted and will be adopted at their next meeting in December for housing. The meeting minutes are being drafted and they will be adopted, hopefully at the next meeting in December. One note about that. Raj is writing them as a third time this year he has written minutes so for the housing committee. It might be good to try and encourage folks to share that responsibility. A little bit more I know it's tough. In some of these committees. Land use the October minutes, have been received and will be adopted at the next meeting health. The October meeting minutes have been received and will be adopted at their next meeting budget. Those meeting minutes are being drafted and will be adopted at their next meeting and for 197a same goes and they have been received and will be adopted at the next meeting of that committee. A couple housekeeping notes: we are actually going to be getting a new liaison to council member Powers Office, so you may be seeing them at your meetings. As you know, we've been working with Sarah Newman, but she's actually transitioning in that office to a legislative role. So we are going to get a new person. His name is Pat Hill and he will be taking over constituent and community relations. Work at council, member Powers, Office and Pat previously worked for council member Cohen up in the Bronx, so be sure to welcome them. If you see them in your meetings and thank you very much, everyone for being patient. As you know, Brendan has been out of the office for most of this month and so you're a little bit short staffed, and so thank you for your patience in bearing with us, as things have taken a little bit longer to get done. We're always very grateful for Brendan, but we certainly are cognizant now cognizant of it now. So, thank you very much and we're doing really well on the newsletter. In the past 30 days, we've gotten almost 300 new subscribers. We really want to try and get those numbers up, because you know for some of these meetings. You know, for example, recently housing had a meeting and one of the things that folks said was that hey this thing on the agenda we didn't know about it. Well, the more people are in our newsletter, the more people- and you know where we do talk about those things. The more people can get to be aware of these things before the meetings come up, and so hopefully we can intercept some of that and folks won't be taken by surprise, but we're doing really well and we're continuing to get those numbers up. Thank you very much all right. Thank you. Jesus we'll now begin with our committee reports, so the first up is Kevin with parks. Okay, the only report I have is we're putting together an agenda, and can you hear me I my thing just blitzed. Can everybody hear me my screen went black so good. I'm glad to hear that just putting together the the only report I have is that we're putting together the agenda for the next meeting, which should be done momentarily outside of that I will pass all right. Are there any questions for Kevin or parks, I'm back on the screen, good, all right, seeing none! Let's move on to the next committee, Rick Eggers request the floor. Rick go ahead, I just wondered: isn't there a parks? There's a parks agenda on there is that the last meeting? No, that is the upcoming December meeting. That's a working okay! It's just in progress, yeah, a couple of question marks and on there okay sounds good. Thank you know what that is. Yeah, it's the old Eastern Airlines Parking garage yeah, very good. Now, I have the same postcard at my office, oh you're kidding. That's wonderful! It's great best. Two bucks ever spent the Corinthian took over right. Yes, right, Jesus, sorry for cutting you off no problem, so Kevin we'll leave this agenda as it is, and in the coming days you will. Let us know what you want us to do about the albino playground item. As well as the pops item yeah, we could address it quickly. Right now, I mean Albano Jr. Playground we're just waiting to hear back from Steve Simon to see if he can be present in the pops obstructions. We want to do a little bit more research to make sure that there's not something already in the works to take down that scaffolding. There's no reason to address it. If there's something that's you know already moving that down, but I wanted to do a little more research on that. That's all right! Thank you. You're welcome all right! Thank you. Let's move on to 197a cavity, yeah, okay! This is still a draft agenda as well. The last meeting that we had. We reviewed our ongoing work for creating the website around the Mspi sale and we're getting pretty close, but there's still a few things to do on that, and we just have created a task tracker. That's following what we need to do. You know the final pieces and then once we're ready, we wanted to I'll talk to you Kyle a little bit more about that. How we want to launch it who we want to send it? You know announcements to and we do want to actually have it in the newsletter, maybe even by December. We talked about that, but Jesus said I, don't know if you're aware of that talk to Cody about that we'll see if we're ready to do that, but hopefully that could get a few more people. You know to see that and read it. We also discussed the first item on that draft agenda was because we had discussed and looked at a report by George James about affordability of rent. You know like affordable housing and like the rent, stabilized units in the district or in all the districts in the city and really seeing the fall off of those numbers. We were hoping to have a presentation I think there was an idea of either doing this at full board or at land use or at 197a I think Claude mentioned. He was good with doing it at the next 197a. Potentially a short presentation he's given one like this before that some of you may have been part of but I haven't. I would love to see it and I think it would be good to invite the whole. You know whoever wants to attend the whole board, and especially the newer members, to kind of get an overview of that, because that's going to be really important in the ongoing work of 197a. In addition to that, yeah we're just really working on timing and outreach, and the idea that I had was to maybe convene some kind of panel shooting for January February of with Msbi, maybe a group that represents more affordable or sustainable housing or other things we're trying to look into getting into that site, how to do it and have more of a panel first and then look to do more of an open community meeting, maybe in the following month. So that's really all I had awesome. That sounds great. This is a lot of great ideas and I'm happy to rename this too, even though it is 197a, you didn't come up with next up. Oh before we go, are there any questions for or the we'll go ahead and put all the non-tentative agenda items up on the website and we'll leave off the presentation on affordable housing until it's happening yeah we can just confirm that and then I'll, let you know. Thank you thanks all right. Thank you. Moving on to Gina transportation, there we go today's update on the sinkhole everybody's favorite thing. The crews were actually there starting to move things around. They figured that they should have the new layout for the detour in place. Friday cars will be there'll, be two asphalt humps over the median there about 20-25 feet, cars will be detoured into the parking lot for that amount of time. The rest of the time they'll be on the service road, including by the heliPad bikes and pedestrians, will be using the parking lot. They'll be blocked off from the section that the cars are using, so they'll be separated and they'll be able to continue safely between the north and south ends of the parking lot that way and they won't be crossing any traffic as they currently are the crew chief. Today the supervisor told me that they done the in December, really not in three weeks or four weeks like we were told on the call yesterday, but that's just a couple of weeks more so they can only work at low tide because of the nature of what they're working with. So that's that as far as these two things yeah, we need to get on this. We especially need to get on the ecsr, the scr stuff, because the crews have already started taking over parts of stykov park, as well as the parking lot under the FDR. So if we want to have any part of the conversation about what they're going to do with the bypass for bikes, pedestrians and joggers, for example, we should have had it like a month ago, but we haven't seen anything formal. We have to force that as fast as possible for December to try to get a voice in there about what they're doing, because otherwise they'll have the whole place set up and they won't want to move at all. And the last thing is under old and new business I was going to raise with the committee the idea of doing a forum, so thank you, Kavitha doing a forum or a panel in the in this probably also February at this point based off partly the RPA analysis of like networking traveling around New, York, CitiBikes and micro mobility devices and all that stuff, the networking and getting other people, Sam Schwartz, would be one hopefully and D.O.T would be one and to get everybody to get 10 or 15 minutes. Give us a presentation about the bigger picture, our district in particular, how it fits in and call it something like getting around town in the 21st century, because a lot of our work over the next year or two is going to be basically rearranging street space to allow for people to move in a very different way. That's it. Thank you. Gene also very great ideas: I love it any questions for junior transportation or about singles or something all right, seeing nothing. Zeus do anything before we move on to the next committee. No we'll go ahead and put the one confirmed agenda item for transportation and we'll wait until we hear back until the East side. Coaster resiliency item is actually confirmed all right, fantastic. Thank you all right, so full board meeting is on December. 9Th budget is cancelled. Meeting for December 14th. Our next executive is on the 16th, and next up is basa from our new Basa Chair hello. Thank you Kyle. So it says here our agenda is still in formation which it is, and we will know more of the licenses that we have to talk about if any approaching, as the meeting comes closer so that those will be some items potentially but I was also I was talking to Anton today, to kind of like be a little bit caught up and briefed on Vasa in general, and he had two great ideas that I think we can spread out over the next two months. Probably, but just thinking into the time that we are in right now, a lot of unknowns out there, but potentially maybe indoor dining, might need to be closed again and if so, there will presumably still be outdoor dining. But as the weather today showed us, it's getting colder and it probably I think a lot of businesses are starting to think about heating lamps and everything. So we were thinking of adding one agenda item to kind of just catch up on the status of outdoor dining in the neighborhood and kind of to have folks contribute some observations that they might have seen recently based on current changes to the program. So, as you all know, our November meeting is tomorrow, so I think in my new business I'll bring that up to ask folks to be prepared to kind of have a discussion on outdoor dining, the status of it in our district, but other than that. It's still information I, would say awesome! Thank you. Claire Korean your hand up, yes, I, just just wanted to bring it up that yes, I was going by a passing by a restaurant, an outdoor dining area of a restaurant today and I saw like five or six heating lamps, the one for each table, and my thought just immediately went to safety. I'm just like. Is that really safe? I'm just like that. It's wood! You know, that's like heating lamps, it's like it's just you know my mom intuition just was going off and it was just like no. This does not look good, so I, don't know, that's just comments if you want to look at it as for Basa, yes, I welcome those for sure I. Actually, interestingly enough have witnessed twice now in two different areas of the city. One might have been in our district and one was notably not, but I did see like numerous FDNY officers, kind of like doing a total survey of sidewalk seating and like out with their measuring tape and really like seeming to be paying attention to the regulations and the spacing because I completely agree, it could be very dangerous. You know, when you add things that could spontaneously combust to an already crowded sidewalk situation, so I think that it could just be a casual discussion. We won't make it really long, but I think observations like that and asking the committee to bring kind of more specific, intersections or places of note to discuss, and then we can see what happens from there or what might need to be done. Yeah, just a quick just to add on to that observation of outdoor seating at the restaurants, I notice. A lot of them are being kind of shrink wrapped with this plastic all around it and almost entirely enclosed right, sometimes with heating, but there's no ventilation in there. So to me, it's like this weird covered incubator situation that we feel like people are safe, just because they're outside, but they're, not I mean I. You know I'm going to talk to my architect, friends about like how these are being thought through. I think there's been just so much of a pass through to let to help the businesses survive, which I'm really on board with I just want to make sure you know that those things are being done safely. Definitely yeah kind of the point of not having indoor dining when you're just doing indoor dead side with plastic. Your head is up as well yep yeah, just just to support what Claire was talking about. It's my understanding from the stuff I've seen that D.O.T has very specific, increasingly specific regulations, just like they did at the beginning. They had specific regulations and they tightened them up two weeks later, so people had to pull things apart and put them back together again they have increasingly specific regulations about what the indoor outdoor dining is supposed to be during cold weather, and the fire department is very much involved from everything that I've seen so I, don't know what that means yet and I think it's very much worth looking into and very important to look into, but I think Claire has a point that if she's seen the fire marshals already troubling around looking at these things, that's because they're supposed to be doing that throughout the entire city- and maybe that might mean connecting with the FDA anyway as well, to see how October dining or is that just from before? Okay, moving on to the next committee, which is housing, homelessness and human rights to see if there's no meeting for December all right, I'm sorry Claire, so Justin you'd like us to add a discussion on the status of outdoor dining in the district as one of your items for your December agenda. That would be wonderful all right. Thank you thanks. Jesus. Thank you Karen, give a report back or share back. Are you so I'm only just I'm only now, starting to recuperate from our meeting on Monday about a new adult family, shelter and the subsequent hate mail, but yeah. So we, our district, is getting our fifth shelter. It is a a hundred and there was a 170 units for adults family. So it could be. You know a son with their elderly mom. It could be parents with an adult child that has some kind of disability, or you know like many kinds of mix-ups, and we just we had a meeting on Monday that attracted a lot of people who were just kind of opposed for the sake of just they were just opposed, no matter what was being said, and it wasn't pretty so we're taking a break in December, I joined it by YouTube, actually and I do want to commend Corrine and rich for just leading a wonderful committee. Meeting I know sometimes I mean for any of us, but particularly on issues like homelessness. It may not seem like it was a well-run meeting, but I do want to commend. Just you know being on the outside from that it was very well run. It is hard to deal and to manage the raw emotions of the public and to also deal with government agents. You know government agencies and the bureaucracy and to explain that to a community that isn't necessarily involved with the issue until it affects them. Personally, so I want to commend again korean and rich for dealing with such a hard issue, but also being very proactive about it and keeping open mind and open years about it. It's a very difficult thing to do so. I do want to you know, thank you for your leadership on that and deserve the month in December. Thank you, Kyle all right. Are there any questions or comments for corrin or the housing, homelessness and human Rights Committee all right, seeing none! Let's move on to health and education John. Do you have a report back very quickly we're adapting on the fly? If those of you following this know that the mayor sometime this afternoon announced that schools will be closed starting tomorrow and go all remote. So I've already asked someone from the Community Education Council for District two to appear there there's no need to change the agenda pages for Tuesday's meeting, but I have invited someone from the Community Education Council for District 2 to come and address this, because we think we might have parents showing up and then I'm also going to reach out to family and community engagement to the DOE. To have them come and have someone answer for this, because there is a lot of reaction already around the city to to this decision to close the schools, because if you look at the data, the deal that was cut between the DOE and the Uft was that schools would be closed if the infection rate reached three percent in the city, which was heavily driven by Mr Mulgrew and the DOE and the Uft. But the infection rate in the schools themselves is only like 0.22 and I have talked to no I have spoken to no one, either in my kids schools or in other parents schools who have reported any infections, you know among students or faculty in most of the schools. That's happened just in isolated cases, so I think you know. So we are adapting our agenda for Tuesday's meeting and we never meet. At least in the three years I've been on the board. This committee doesn't traditionally doesn't meet in the summer, maybe because it's three days before Christmas, okay, all right. Thank you. John actually, I have a clarifying question myself. It might be a stupid question, but I was just curious about this when we're talking about the infection rate. Being you know like about two percent, is that infectionary between kids or between kids and teachers or amongst point two? It's actually point two and it's between anybody. That's in the building. You know from kids to teachers or staff as I understand that I could not say that, but that's the whole. The point is that it's not just the three percent threshold of the city, which is scares me you know, but in the school buildings itself, it's just point two percent, and so there are a lot of people that are saying. Why are we closing schools? You know and taking you know somewhere, so we should I anticipate we'll. Have people showing up on Tuesday night but Jesus there's no need to change the agenda, I'm just going to try to invite a couple people to show up and talk: okay, all right and last but not least, Adam with Lindus and warfront excellent. Thank you. So I'll start with the easy stuff. Much like the preceding committees, I think we're going to lay over all of our agenda items which right now is nothing to January. So a long, our earned rest for our committee considering we're going to have a really big Euler coming up on Monday, so a nice public hearing, so I guess to transition to that. So the meeting that we're going to have on Monday and we essentially have two items on our agenda: one we're going to have just a regular monthly update from DDC regarding the Eastside coastal resiliency, like gene was talking about earlier. We were hoping to have this really focused in terms of open space, a specifically open space that is going to compensate for the open space that we're not going to have, and so Cody's already reached out to parks and has put forth a bunch of comments and questions to them to so they can better hone their presentation we'll touch base with EDC by the end of the week, so they can do the same. Another big item- that's come up with this project, as gene alluded to earlier is that you know they've started staging they started construction. This is all consistent with what they reported to us on November 15th. But, however, though we got, we got word that they're going to be closing Asher Levy, potentially as soon as this is this week and Molly and Jean feel free to jump in. But it was my understanding. We had a little bit more time with this and actually I just got an email today from the general account and the wording there was. How do I put it? Didn't it wasn't wrong, but it didn't necessarily say that the park was imminently closing like within this week and so I think a big thing we want to stress with them and think the thing we've been saying for over the past year now is that they're going to be very clear in terms of how they communicate these major disruptions. You know to us, as a community and frankly, to the entire into the entire community out here outside the board, so I think it's definitely going to be an item that we're going to bring up with them all right. Thank you. Adam I see a hand from Kevin. Yes Adam, can you go a little more detail on Astrolevy, potentially closing so I I know as pretty much as you do so I believe Keith powers, it again, molly or gene feel free to jump in here. Keith Power's office forward an email from to waterside to Janet, basically saying that the park was probably going to close within this week. My understanding, the part was going to close soon I thought it was going to be December or potentially January, but that's pretty much. All I know at this point and that's the park area that includes the track area. As far as you know, all of it yeah all of it is as far as I know it's going to be done according to the letter that they sent to Keith that Keith forwarded to Janet that we got basically they're going to be closing the park to begin staging it and then I guess going to begin working on it. It's that's supposed to be the first part. That's done right, Adam yeah, that's supposed to be the first part. That's done and they've been very upfront with it, but it's just the you know for these closures and the communication that there's it could be yeah for sure I mean you know: how does the public? How is the public notified besides showing up and seeing a sign? Hopefully there's some proactive right, so Kevin I've actually signed up for the email alerts on the DDC page and I find these to be pretty helpful. You know again the email that I got. You know probably an hour or two before I was for this telephone chain. If you will made, it was consistent with what they said. It's like parts of the park are going to be closing. You know things that nature. It all seemed fine, but but, however, learning this news, it seems like they could have used some different language to better inform us all right. Thank you, yeah folks. If everything that anyone wants to look at the form at the flyer that Adam is looking at, it was in the Wednesday email the office sent out earlier this afternoon. Okay, thank you. Jesus. Are there any other questions or comments for Adam all right before moving on actually to general business? Rick I realized that I skipped over a report. If you wanted to make port on budget, that's well, yeah, no I'll, waive a report. I just want to make sure that you know the office did a lion's share of work on the district needs and ended up having to submit it. At the end, when Brendan was off on jury duty, so I we more thanks to the board office for all the work they did on that project. All right, thank you, Rick and, of course, again, thank you to the board staff, as we are concluding. The meeting I just want to bring up one topic as we move forward for new business. I just want to take a couple of minutes before we end to talk about how we use executive committee meetings and I just wanted to do some crowd. Sourcing I have some ideas on how to make it more efficient and to make it more beneficial to our purposes, particularly to our committee work again to our public engagement as well, but I wanted to get some thoughts. If anyone has any on what you think executive committee should be used for, if you have ideas for what would be helpful to you as committee chairs, as we go through this process once a month, is this something you want to do once a month? Is this something that you know the type of stuff that we talk about usually can be done by email or something so I wanted to just you know, connect with all of you as the executive committee to see you know what role this plays in your work and what you would like to see going forward or what things you don't want to see going forward. I just want to take some minutes to see if anyone has any thoughts on that Kevin go ahead. This might be a little bit off topic. Jeannie Danafioro, Dinofrio, Sorry, Vice, chair of environment and powers Committee had mentioned it would be helpful and I agree with her. I have some brainstorming. I know this is away from the executive, but to have brainstorming with our committee. Have some ideas on some proactivity? Is that something where all those meetings have to be in pardon? My innocence? Is that something that all the meetings have to be transparent or can we break into individual brainstorming type meetings with committee members, and I'm sorry that doesn't answer your question, but it's been on my mind all week. That's a point. Part of my idea of or experiment, if you will for our next executive committee is I, do want to encourage that type of thinking at the exact committee level as well things that you need to discuss at committee level that might be of pertinence to other committees. As we already saw tonight. There was a lot of overlap and a lot of issues we just saw with like land use and transportation, and you on the hazard levy playground and to encourage more of that partnership and collaboration. I'll, leave it to Zeus about what the public meetings laws are and I, don't know exactly what you're talking about you can kind of talk, often about what you're thinking about, as you know as a chair, but you know, if you're ever having a meeting, that's discussing board business that does need to be transparent and Jesus. Correct me if I'm wrong or any of the previous chairs who are joining us. If you have ideas on that as well, and let me just clarify that you know we certainly don't mind and we should be transparent. It's just that these would be informal, brainstorming type sessions that would not follow any particular guidelines or rules or regulations. That's all yeah. So if you're describing what you know, it seemed to me like planning for a meeting. You know that would be different, but just anything public, interfacing or discussing board business- or you know, resolutions or stuff like that- should be transparent in public and Jesus. Do you have anything else on that or Molly or Rick or mark as well I'll? Let the former chair speak first and then, if they don't cover anything and I'll step in but okay I mean I, think you already said it, but it just needs to be public if it's public. If you want to meet someone for coffee or something that's, you know another thing, but if it's a meeting for the community board needs, you know it's public there. The open laws apply so but coffee! Oh you know, a nice walk in the park is a different thing involved. All right. Thank you. Rick I, see your hand up. Yeah. Well, I have to be just a little bit more formal about that. The because that's the way we do it, but technically anytime you're talking policy. It should be open, anytime, you're, talking kind of internal politics procedures, organization. Those kind of things don't need to be necessarily open to the public, but open meetings law would definitely require anything having to do with forming policy, including before a resolution is actually presented to a committee that gets a little fuzzy, but some would say that even those kind of discussions have to be subject to public scrutiny, but in general we end up playing with that a little bit we don't get into any trouble. Okay, thank you. Career, nice, yes, I mean I just wanted to just kind of answer. Your question about you know what can change or you know with these executive committees, and you know like we started the beginning. You know of this meeting you know talking about you know. Human rights is really the same. As you know, health care, it's the same as housing, it's the same as public safety, it's the same as education, and you know it just you know it makes you want to throw out a loaded word. You know from the world crowd, which is that you know everything is intersectional and it's all woven together and what is happening right now with the rent stabilization ish, a report that Adam Kind of brought up and then picked up on it as well, and I'm following along, but I was just too so many other things were going on in housing. That I was that. I'm just like eternally grateful that two other committees kind of picked that up and I would just like to see more of that. If that makes any sense, yeah, no absolutely I mean that's one of that's a huge you know. Priority of mine as well is to use that word intersectionality about how do we connect all of these issues that do have overlap really making sure that we're intentional about those partnerships and discussions. So thank you, I appreciate it matters to you as well. On your hand, I saw yeah. Just first of all, I was going to use the term thematic. You know that I think if we had more thematic discussions here, you know that cut across things. The other thing is that I look around the room, I see I'm no longer the new one of the newest people on the executive board, but when I was one of the newest people on the executive board, I always thought we spent just way too much time going through agendas. You know meetings that there was some way where we could meet the needs of the office for clean agendas and I'll confess mine aren't always clean, but if there was some way we could do that and then limit that part of the discussion, but to the half of the meeting for half an hour or so and then have a more thematic discussion. You know of a topic that cuts across different groups for the you know the rest of it. You know that I would really like to say awesome yeah, that's something I had in mind, actually Brian yeah, so two things one is that in regards to the open meeting law, of course, we've really got to be careful. I do think that we as a group, you know we're very concerned about how much information we pass among people. I know that with transportation, the you know we've had to like kind of moderate the the group that communicates among the transfer members simply because people start really talking like debating issues rather than just raising articles and like bringing up things for meetings. I. Think that, like a good guide post is if we wanted to do breakout sessions and they weren't fully recorded, and they were not given minutes. It could be things like. Why? Don't we brainstorm topics or issues in the district that we could bring up to discuss the meetings? But then those breakup groups, breakout groups, couldn't actually like do policy or start forming resolutions. I think that might be a little bit more straightforward for the other members of the board to understand so that we can guide them more effectively to being able to utilize those kind of sessions. The other thing I wanted to throw in and I. You know I as chair of ad hoc budget. This is something that exec and budget had in common. A lot is that these are committees that deal with other committee's issues and the topics sometimes go directly into debating the issue at hand, and you know I personally, as a board member, don't mind being told, hey, save it for the right committee. I know that that's sometimes hard to redirect other people to doing like on budget. We would discuss a budget request that was forwarded to us by a committee and then they'd have start having a full-on committee discussion about the issue. That was our budget committee issue to discuss, and so we don't want to do that kind of thing and I think for the purposes of us forming our agendas. That's something that we should try to avoid is when we're discussing agenda items that we start suddenly discussing the item. That's on the agenda rather than discussing whether, like the agenda, has everything it needs it in whether we should just move on with the you know, the scheduling and the date and get on to the next committee. So yeah I think that's something to keep in mind like we should form the use, our exact time to form the agenda, not discuss the items on the agendas and then use whatever time. We have left to try to do some free thinking about the district or about issues that we think are coming up so yeah, that's about it. Wayne's, crying I, appreciate it and Kavitha yeah just to I mean you reminded me of something that I meant to say when I was actually presenting. The agenda was the all the things that come up with 197a are parts of something that a different committee does right. So it's like we're talking about housing, we're talking about the loss of some health care services, we're talking about opportunities for who knows education or open space or other things, so that you know that was something that I had in mind and I didn't mention was if we do convene a panel or something it's something that I would love to have a joint panel with other groups that are other committees. That think that would be useful or you know, could get more of an audience if we kind of put our heads together about what we could focus on and maybe do a series, but I do think this is better used rather than just being kind of this dry going through agenda thing to really do a brainstorming session, so we can figure out, like the overlap between different things and like 197a, is a tool you can use for other things so happy to collaborate on some of this stuff awesome. Thank you all for that. Chris is your hand up again follow yeah, I'm sorry and then I and then shut up, but I. Never people just leave their hands up or they have a nightmare. No, but it's getting long and my dinner's waiting too so I want to go, but I think you know like this already happens in an unofficial way, but maybe we can make it more structured so that it's just more of an expectation that there's a particular liaison they can have. You know in housing and homeless. There should be somebody who it also is in health and education and can kind of almost like give like a little report, and vice versa. I mean I, know like Abby is in health and education. So I will like ask her already, so I'm doing it, but it would be great to maybe formalize it great idea and John stand up again. Yeah just be real, quick I. Think Brian put it well, but the distinction between you know discussing an agenda and forming an agenda. I think if we focus more on just forming the agenda saying this is what it is rather than get into the long discussions and then I certainly agree with what Corinne and Kavitha had said about. You know thematic discussions across groups. Thank you so much. If any committee member has any other old or new business, please raise your hand all right, seeing no further business. The meeting is adjourned at 7:40 p.m. Thank you. Everybody and I hope you all have a wonderful thanksgiving next week. Thank you.",
            "summary": "The minutes from the October 21st meeting were distributed to executive committee members ahead of time by the board.\nYou'll, never be able to express appreciation and, as this being the first executive key since your term ended, you know, I, want to welcome you to being a participant.\nPart of this was required by people moving off and on and some chairs that needed to be replaced, and this really allowed us to have some time to re-eval, recalibrate and re-evaluate the organization of our committees and based on some of the feedback not only from the board itself, but also from people who interface with our board, whether they be the public or other community.\nI had some ideas on first of all, pulling out some committees and creating new committees and then renaming some of the committees so that they more closely described the work that the committee is doing, but also with public interface, so that people know where to go and which committees to go to, and so the first two committees that I'm thinking of creating, which are basically just pulling out from two other committees, is with the transportation and public Safety.\nI would like to pull out the public safety Committee from transportation and create a human rights and public Safety Committee, so that we can more closely focus on those specific issues and particularly in relation to one another human rights, public safety.\nThere are many voices in the city already, so you know asking the committee to focus on education.\nAnd then kind of processing, the recommendation, or at least a suggestion, I, actually think like social services, human rights and senior services.\nThe hope is as well that a lot of these committees end up doing joint work as well, so human rights being a broad subject, obviously goes into housing as well goes into.\nPublic health goes to education as well, and really kind of creating that environment that creates more partnership amongst our committees as well and engagement.\nI kind of agree with Sema about the human rights and public safety feeling a little bit off.\nAt the same time, a standalone public safety without some kind of, and something else can very quickly turn into a committee that is maybe a hyper focused on safety and not able to, and not looking at the broader picture.\nIf it's just public safety, that it will just kind of attract a certain way of thinking that I'm not comfortable with either all right.\nI, don't think the human rights public safety is the most logical, combination, there's just too much going on there.\nThe committee meetings averaged two to three hours, because transportation has a lot to do in its own terms, and public safety wound up being pretty much an afterthought.\nBut having that the title and then with the budget having it be known as the budget district needs, which I think are more closely aligned with the actual focus of the committee as well.\nI mean that's one of the things I was thinking about, like especially with human rights and then public safety.\nYou know within a lot of people's mind a police issue, so really thinking about how connecting those as well, and that's also.\nWhy I wanted to bring it up for discussion as well to kind of think this, through as an executive committee.\nIt's also going to cover cultural affairs, so your committee will still oversee that, doesn't necessarily need to be in the name, I think in the description so just really hitting on the idea of environment.\nYou know: correspondence about a landmark issue so still having that within the committee as well is important, but just thought to be more succinct and to the point.\nWe are actually going to be getting a new liaison to council member Powers Office, so you may be seeing them at your meetings.\nRecently, housing had a meeting and one of the things that folks said was that hey this thing on the agenda, we didn't know about it.\nYou know whoever wants to attend the whole board, and especially the newer members, to kind of get an overview of that, because that's going to be really important in the ongoing work of 197a.\nGive us a presentation about the bigger picture, our district in particular, how it fits in and call it something like getting around town in the 21st century, because a lot of our work over the next year or two is going to be basically rearranging street space to allow for people to move in a very different way.\nIt says here our agenda is still in formation which it is, and we will know more of the licenses that we have to talk about if any approaching, as the meeting comes closer so that those will be some items.\nProbably, but just thinking into the time that we are in right, now, a lot of unknowns out there, but potentially maybe indoor dining, might need to be closed again and if so, there will presumably still be outdoor dining.\nI think in my new business I'll bring that up to ask folks to be prepared to kind of have a discussion on outdoor dining, the status of it in our district, but other than that.\nWe won't make it really long, but I think observations like that and asking the committee to bring kind of more specific, intersections or places of note to discuss, and then we can see what happens from there or what might need to be done.\nI. You, know I'm going to talk to my architect, friends about like how these are being thought.\nOkay, moving on to the next committee, which is housing, homelessness and human rights, to see if there's no meeting for December.\nMuch, like the preceding committees, I, think we're going to lay over all of our agenda items which right now is nothing to January.\nI just want to make sure that you know the office did a lion's share of work on the district needs and ended up having to submit it.\nI just want to take a couple of minutes before we end to talk about how we use executive committee, meetings.\nSo I wanted to just you know, connect with all of you as the executive committee to see you know what role this plays in your work and what you would like to see going forward or what things you don't want to see going.\nDon't know exactly what you're talking about you can kind of talk, often about what you're thinking about, as you know, as a chair, but you know, if you're ever having a meeting, that's discussing board business that does need to be transparent and Jesus.\nOr you know, resolutions or stuff like that, should be transparent in public and Jesus.\nThose kind of things, don't need to be necessarily open to the public, but open meetings law would definitely require anything having to do with forming policy, including before a resolution is actually presented to a committee that gets a little fuzzy, but some would say that even those kind of discussions have to be subject to public scrutiny, but in general we end up playing with that.\nIt's the same as public safety, it's the same as education, and you know it.\nYou know meetings that there was some way where we could meet the needs of the office for clean agendas.\nWas our budget committee issue to discuss, and so we don't want to do that kind of thing.\nThat's on the agenda rather than discussing whether, like the agenda, has everything it needs it in whether we should just move on with the you know, the scheduling and the date and get on to the next committee.\nThe agenda was the all the things that come up with 197a are parts of something that a different committee does right.\nI mean I, know like Abby is in health and education."
        }
    }
}