{
    "data": {
        "YoutubeMetadata": {
            "author": "MCB5",
            "channelId": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-qjOBGaBHStwauSQwayM2w",
            "title": "November 10th",
            "publishDate": "2020-11-11",
            "shortDescription": "",
            "lengthSeconds": "1:01:35"
        },
        "metadata": {
            "ID": "String",
            "creationDate": "datetime"
        },
        "CommunityBoardInfo": {
            "communityID": "MCB5",
            "normalizedName": "Manhattan Community Board 5",
            "twitterName": "Community Board Five",
            "youtubeChannelName": "Manhattan Community Board Five",
            "youtubeChannelURL": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-qjOBGaBHStwauSQwayM2w",
            "twitterHandle": "@ManhattanCB5",
            "dateCheckLast": "11/5/2020",
            "status": "live"
        },
        "properties": {
            "videoURL": "YNrivXMtc54",
            "fillerWordCount": {
                "uh": 216,
                "um": 203
            },
            "readTimeFullTranscript": "35 min read",
            "readTimeSummary": "5 min read",
            "wordCountFullTranscript": {
                "minutes": 14,
                "position": 13,
                "building": 13,
                "sign": 13,
                "notes": 12,
                "applicant": 11,
                "master": 11,
                "plan": 11,
                "services": 10,
                "list": 9
            },
            "wordCountSummary": {
                "position": 4,
                "health": 3,
                "notes": 3,
                "website": 2,
                "thoughts": 2,
                "past": 2,
                "calls": 2,
                "enforcement": 2,
                "resolutions": 2,
                "report": 2
            },
            "fullTranscript": "I did not see anything in my email, you never usually get the no. It was not. Okay. I will send it out right now. We just finished getting everything in so I will send you what we have. It's not I, do not think it's complete and it has not been sort of edited. That's! Okay! That's what we that's. Why we have this meeting yeah nice Hair Marisa. Thank you, looks great good weather, no rain right! That's right! So you know marisa, usually for the full board. Wally would ask if anyone was unable to attend and we never really did that for exact. So maybe from now on like on Tuesday morning, you could send out a note just saying you know. If anyone can't attend please let us know that way. We're not waiting we'll do. Okay, me, so Sam I, think is the only one missing Sam's here. Sam is here: oh I'm, looking at my listed I'm here. Ah there you are okay, I think we're all here. Then, let me see. Are there ten of us yeah, everybody's here? Okay, so the draft agenda just went out. It should get your emails, okay, yeah. My phone is stinging. Let me turn it off okay. So this is the executive committee meeting of CB5. Let me see if we have anybody attending I do not see anyone. Do you marisa and if that's the case, I do not have to go through. Then I'm not going to go through all the explanation. I do not think I need to the only person that had registered as possible was Annabelle from Senator Hoyleman's office, but I do not see you here. Okay, it's the exec committee of CB5. We follow the same format as we do for the full board meeting. We have a public session and no one's here tonight, so I guess we won't have to have a public session. Sorry I just noticed we do have somebody in the public but they're an elected rep. Okay, it's Brian from the borough president's office, okay, good hi, Brian, all right, let's get down to business. Let's start I wanted to start. Marissa has been working on a number of projects, a huge number of projects, and one of them is the establishment of a constituent services. Log so Marisa, would you like to speak to that and then maybe the website update as well sure. So, some of you, when I spoke with you, expressed an interest in staying up to date on the kinds of issues that the district office was hearing about. So we have set up a constituent services log that will just track constituent issues that come into the office and their agency, how they get resolved, etc. Luke has set that up and it will be shared with all your committee gmail, so the backs gmail land use, gmail transportation, gmail, etc. So any of you will be able to go in at any time and just look at it at your leisure, it's a sort of basic Excel spreadsheet, so you can sort it the way you want. But if you'd like me to go through it with you at any time, that's no problem, so that should be good to go. Have we actually shared the gmails already luke yeah I sent it. If you log into the shared Google drive for your committee, you should be able to find it by searching the tab or selecting the tab shared with me and it'll. Be the most recent item. Thank you. We've also taken a good look at the website which just needed a bit of updating and, as we were doing, that, we thought about some of the some of the items that were listed there. So I'm going to follow up and send you a full sort of outline of all the different updates and changes that we're making a lot of them are just very standard. There were some elected official offices that were missing. For example, we added some things under about us. Some basic operational updates, so I will send you that list and then there are I think some items that just need to be thought about a bit more with all of you, particularly under the special projects and resources sections. So if you would all take this next month to spend some time on the website, take a look at those sections. Particularly there are some items under there that I think are incomplete. For example, under special projects, either missing explanatory cover pages or pictures or updates to them that may have come since they were last posted and then, if you want to take a look at your own committee page as well and see if it still makes sense to you, if there's anything you want to add or edit that would be appreciated. So I'll send that to you, I'll send that list to you that week and then we can check back on it at the next Exec Committee Board, Meeting, okay, great thanks, Marisa and I also talked about the thought about. You may want to include on the website like special reports that we've put out, we have I think we have some there under resources but think about things that we've done. That would be helpful to be on the website. If someone were to you know, either have to call the board office to find out about it if it was important enough to share it on the website as well, for each of the individual committees or what we've done, you know as a board as a whole, so any thoughts or changes or additions that you may have will be really. You know happy to hear them. Okay, let's go into our full board agenda first off. Does anyone have any of the committees that did not have resolutions or did not meet? Does anyone have an update or a report? No okay, yes, girl, no okay and Tne was no and parks was no right. You want me to bring up an issue for next month at this point or wait till the end. Yeah go ahead, so I mean we heard two presentations from DOT this month and- and we also had a discussion about the director of public realm, which was a good sort of preparatory discussion. I think for for what'll come out of bex, but the two DOT presentations were two topics, and we kind of received interim reports on both and no board action was required or would frankly do anything at this time. But, as is the, as is often the case with any street use issue that comes up. The committee once again had a conversation about how many members of the committee and many members of the community and and other advocacy groups that we hear from like neighborhood associations, have major problems with the enforcement or lack thereof, on bicycles and and street use and traffic issues. It's a like very perennial issue, and- and we kind of essentially figure at this point, that it'll keep coming up and it'll keep dragging down almost every other issue that we talk about as a committee. If we do not sort of address it head-on as its own topic, what we're considering doing for I think the next cycle. You know the Tne meeting that will happen in two weeks is potentially assigning the topic to two to four members of the committee sort of along the lines of what we did with the bike sharing issue in the past, to give them kind of ample time to research, contact, elected official offices and sort of figure out what it makes sense to essentially adopt as a as a dedicated position of CB5, as opposed to just like sticking in calls for enforcement to every other resolution that we pass so I sort of wanted to flag it as something that we're thinking about doing, get people's thoughts as to whether or not there would be any complications or problems with that and and just kind of let you know that it might be something that we take up as a committee next month and we've got a real mixed bag in terms of that whole subject, these would be the full board. I know you got. I saw the email you got from Dave Akilas, so I'm sure you're right, that's going to be I. Do not I'm I wonder if we should share that with everyone want to check with Dave or do not. You think we should with everyone meeting all of us exactly sorry. What was the question yeah I mean I wanted to bring it up here. I can certainly respond to dave if we decide to move forward in this way, and let him know that that we are going to do that kind of thing. You know I think there are specific people on T E who are very vocal about the issue joel who he cc'd when he emailed us one of them- and you know there are certain people who it makes sense to to kind of hand. This diligence to I was only thinking of sharing it with the exec committee. That's what I meant! Oh the email, oh yeah, so they have a feel for you know what that side of the whole argument is I think we do know, but it's very clear and he's been talking with a lot of people and he really speaks for a huge number of residents in the 50s. So, okay, all right to be next month's topic of the month. I guess well for Teeny at least yeah. But you know that's the way we thought of approaching it. You know again, there's kind of a model there with some of the E-bike research that was done by Sorry Sam remind me who it was. It was John Rayburn in the past yep, but we also think that you know we have not had a lot of agenda items recently. Giving this to three or four folks on the committee can kind of spread the work they can do. Kind of comprehensive research on it before coming to the committee- and you know, I was thinking aj that it would come to committee for discussion with. No, you know just to keep it get the ball rolling on what we're going to do, or were you thinking of having some sort of a resolution or position I think it really depends whether or not the re, their research and discussion with reps from elected offices leads to an obvious board action or, if not, it might just be the beginning of a of an ongoing discussion. You know I, think we've, you know, I have you know sort of come to the realization that yelling at D.O.T to do more really does not accomplish anything, because they do not feel like they have any enforcement authority and as far as I can tell they do not yelling at NYPD. To do more does not accomplish anything because they seemingly do not want to. So it really seems to come down to what we would want to press the elected officials, either the city Council or the mayor's office to take action on to either reassign authority or charge NYPD to do more etc. So you know I, think I, think any type of action would have to be in that realm, calling on electives to do something. Okay, but you know I do not want to say for sure that we would come up with a specific board action. I do think it's important to address it as a dedicated topic, sure, okay, anyone have any thoughts or comments or questions just to say that Ej and I had this discussion with it's come up numerous times. There has always been when bike lanes come up as a topic of discussion, and we have to weigh in on them. There's always been a vocal transportation alternatives, pro bike group that shows up to those meetings and it just I agree with Ej I. Think it's hit the point where, if we do not start thinking about it independently before those before those bike lane resolutions come to us we're going to start getting pushback on every single one, where we just deny for no without having a position ourselves: okay, great anyone else, okay, before we get into the reso, so no one else on any of the other committees had any input or reporting even just to us. Renee you sent around. Do you think? Just this afternoon, this mayor had made a new decision on mental illness. Oh I thought that was exciting, yes, yeah, something that we asked about. I did not know if people had known about it or not, but I thought it was interesting that the city has agreed not to send the police on mental health calls, but instead they're going to send mental health professionals along with the Mt. So that's sort of an exciting new position, Yay yeah kind of fits in with things that we're you know taking away or putting elsewhere with the police. Okay, all right, then, moving on to our resolutions. Why do not you continue renee with budget and district needs statement? Okay, so I have a report, but I do not know that you need to a few people came to the to the committee. Justin Flagg came. We had council member powers chief of staff and we also had laurie from the speaker's office. They spoke to us about what was going on with voting and about certain pending bills that would affect the board of elections going forward and I can go through those later, because the meat of it was our resolution to adopt the budget items. There are four pieces of this. The first is the district needs statement. I think you all have a copy there. There's emphasis on addressing the needs of the increased homelessness that we're seeing in the district. The quality of life concerns the economic recovery and all the needs around that sanitation. You know that budget has been severely cut. Composting, electronic recycling, access to ipads and computers and Wi-fi for all the students in the districts that are learning remotely, there's a need. Obviously, Ej referenced it for enforcement of violations. Anything from illegal vending to bike infractions, we're clear that we're not asking for the NYPD to handle the enforcement in all these different areas, but we're asking that certain enforcement be transferred to other agencies, obviously affordable housing, always an issue that's addressed as well as traffic and say public transportation, and then finally, we also highlight the need for the director of the public realm to make sense of how the public space is utilized and how our light and air can be protected. I do not want to read through it all I assume you've all had a chance to have a look at it. Is there any questions or any comments about the language or the way that it's set out? No okay? So if that's okay, we also have the survey and I've sent to most of the committees. This the survey and what the survey is in every single silo. The most pressing issue had to be selected, so we had to pick three most pressing issues in the district they've been identified as economic development, obviously because of the pandemic of economic development, recovery, homelessness and quality of life issues, and that includes Noise, Graffiti and petty crime. Those were chosen. We based those issues upon the things that we saw most frequently in the district we talked to Luke. We looked at what came into the board office. We looked at 311 complaints. We had income put from our committee members. We talked to people like coalition from the homeless. We talked to the bids, so those were the top three and then in each silo. We had to pick the single most pressing item. There was a selection and I think you might have. We've had a little snafu. That's a live! That's a live document, so I've been loathe to mess with it too much because I'm afraid, if I do it's going to just go into OMB, so Marissa and I are trying to figure out how everybody can get it get a look at that survey. I think everybody at least I know Ej. Had it Clayton had it. When you pick your most pressing thing in Healthcare and human services, preventing homelessness was the number one in youth, education and child welfare. Remote learning and technology was the most important issue in public safety and emergency services. We had public nuisance, which is noise and other disturbances, simply because on the 311 logs were out of the park it's even higher than it has been at any time in court, infrastructure and city services and resilience, noise pollution again in housing, economic development and land use, small business services and support this year is number one. Small businesses were always a concern. It was always in the budget, but the pandemic has certainly heightened that issue in transportation, mobility, traffic safety and enforcement is number one, as per our transportation committee, and with the caveat that they and we I believe, would like to see this enforcement shifted, so it becomes the work of DOT and not the NYPD, or at least that's the bets Committee view in Parks culture and other community facilities. We ranked we put it in other and we ranked the creation of the office of the public realm along with appropriate staffing, is number one that has been heard at every single committee in this pretty much every single committee in this board, and so we thought that was something the board cares deeply about, and that's it apart from the expensive capital budget. There is language underneath each of those ticks that sort of expands on why we made those selections and I think you have that in your packet. I do not know if you have any comments to that or any concerns about that. No anything. Okay. So then we move on to the expense and capital budget themselves, and these are just listed with the appropriate agency. Next to it, you probably have it in front of you: the expense requests. Obviously, funding for social services, things that address the encampments, the homelessness, the need for social and rock around services and supportive services for the homeless tends to be one of the issues. That really is at the top of this list. As you go through it, you know: rental, subsidy for homeless set-aside, but there's also a real emphasis on supports for the small businesses in the district for Broadway, in particular, 100,000 jobs in Broadway, theater, arts alone. So that's really important. Also, schools are very important. So if you go through the list, you'll see you know, in the capital side, purchasing ipads, making sure that Wi-fi is available and accessible to every student in the district, making sure that there's a mental health professional, which is something that we have supported with resolutions in each of our schools, I'm not going to go through each one. Most of if not all, of the issues are things that we have either had a resolution about or discussed either in the larger committee or specifically at facts, and that's it. Okay. Anyone have any questions or comments. Amazing committee they've done an incredible amount of work. I have one question sure: okay going down the list like I, see expense requests. One two three four et cetera, is that in order of priority- or is everything just its own, remind me how that works in terms of? Is there a priority on this or is it we've ordered them? And that's in order of our priority? Okay, there's! No, you know it's sort of a horse trading sort of thing. It's not! You know it's really hard to make this data based. So we have the conversation and we look at things that have come up again and again in terms of complaints and what we think is most important. Obviously, we think some of the homelessness issues that we're seeing in the district and the need for the supportive services for people were really high up there and kept coming up in the discussion. So that goes further up on the list. No, that's fine! So if I'm reading this correctly on your expenses, the least important nonetheless important because it's on the list, but the least of the important is the sanitation baskets and I'm not opining on that, I'm just asking about it absolutely, and we actually, you know someone said this at committee: it's really hard. You know we were trying to move them around and everybody has a view. You know and to be honest with you, I do not know to what extent at the end of the day, the impact of the ordering, although OMB says you know we're putting it in priority order. At the end of the day, we've had things funded that have been. You know, number 20 versus number one. So have you ever gone back and done a comparison as to what you've put in two years ago as to what actually happened and seen how good we are or how good they are and acceding to our requests. So we do get a response from OMB about what is being funded or from the agencies, but I'm so excited because Marisa is here, and she said this is something we could do going forward. So it's on the agenda. Thank you anything else. No, unless you want me to go through the a report about the voting issues that we heard about a lot of it had to do with. Basically, you know I mean it's all over now, right yeah, it's all over, but it had to do with extended. You know extended hours in voting, more pull sites are needed. There are two issues that are two bills that are constitutional amendments at the state level that we need to keep our eye on that are going to be voted on by referendum, but they have to pass to successive legislatures. So one is same-day voter registration, so you can register on the date that you vote and the other is no excuse absentee voting. So that should be coming up and that's something we're going to actually keep a really close up close eye on so and the bill to create automatic voter registration has not been signed. So we're going to we're going to keep a close eye on that and see if we can weigh in on that, there's also an attempt to professionalize the board of elections and that's something we're very interested in it's a state. It's sort of like the MTA kind of state and city. So part of the makeup of the board of elections is the New York State Constitution. So it may require an amendment. Senator Kruger is carrying a bill, it's going to delineate the powers of the exec and the deputy executive director, so that would create more accountability. But there's going to be hearings next year to map this out, and so we're going to we're going to actually keep an eye on that and then we're going to obviously see how ranked choice voting goes when that happens, which would be the first time in the primaries next year. Great did Rachel do a lot of work on that is that something Rachel was phenomenal. Yes, Rachel organized that Rachel is very on it yeah. She was she's going to continue to follow these and bring them back to the committee. Yeah she's, amazing, okay, terrific anyone have any comments or thoughts. Okay, thanks renee. Let's go to landmarks leila, yes sure, so we had one application for landmarks. It was for the brill building that is on Broadway and the crosstreat is 43rd I. Think in times square the the proposal is for a illuminated blade sign that the applicant, which is a TD bank, is applying to to install. Basically, they had to come with us because, of course, you know, the build building is an individual landmark, but also because the build building has a signage master plan and this particular sign is not within the master plan. So what basically they represented to us is that they want to substitute a sign that was approved as part of the master plan that is referred as sign h and they want instead to install a a blade sign that would basically be perpendicular to to the facade and that overall would be much smaller that the previously approved age sign that is part of the master plan. Typically, the the zone, the the role of the Landmarks Preservation Commission, does not automatically approve interior illumination for blade signs, so that was also one of the reasons they had to to come to us. Overall, we felt that the proposal was a good one. The sign is smaller, it's going to be less intrusive, it's going to obstruct the facade much less than the sign that was previously approved, but we felt it was important that it read as a substitute to this sign age. That is part of the master plan and that, therefore we could support the application as long as it would be seen as an alteration to the master plan rather than in addition to what was already previously approved. The committee felt that it was the other proper way to go. We also made some recommendations on how the sign should be installed as minimally intrusive as possible as to not do any punctures to the terracotta. We also took the opportunity to opine on door pulls that the applicant presented, although everybody was kind of vague as to whether it was part of the preview of this application, but we certainly took the opportunity to to comment. We did not like those door polls, but we also certainly appreciated that you know those are, you know very easily, reversible interventions to to a landmark building and we issued a denial unless the master plan would be altered to replace the previously approved h sign with the proposed blade sign, and it was a unanimous vote. Good. Okay, anybody have any questions or any comments. I, just one little pla thing that I wanted to add one of the committee members yet again objected to the wording of the the resolve and felt that a conditional approval would be preferable to deny unless so, once again, you know I explained why it is actually more relevant and more powerful to issue a deny unless, rather than a conditional approval, but you know I just wanted to mention it here in case. Any comment arises at the other Full board, okay, but you got a unanimous. Yes, it was still unanimous. Okay, good I, wonder if it's time for you to what was that okay I wonder if it might be time layla for you to mention that to the full board, you know the difference between and how in the in the past, it's really we are very understanding of how it operates and how they respond in terms of giving a conditional approval versus saying. No, could you please either agree to this or come back without you know the way you always talk about it and that it really works that you do get applicants that come back after we've given a full denial and that even a deny unless gets what we want faster or better than a conditional yeah, as well as the attention of the relevant agency. You know I mean the it's really rhetoric, but in the end a conditional approval is a conditional approval. We just know that when we phrase it as a denial, unless our conditions are met mets, it is a much clearer message. I, you know if it's okay with you and with other members of exec, it would be great if all the chairs of all the committees emphasize that you know it's. Unfortunately, it's only you know it's one member and it's only you know it's always the same member who's. Making these objections and I mean the rest of the committee seems very comfortable with you know the the wording of of our resolve, but I think that if you know, if it's you know so like boardwide policy to phrase our conditional approval, this way, I think that would be great I. Do too I mean I think we have to keep emphasizing the fact that we are advisory and by you know, being advisory for us to take the strongest road and the strongest position and try and get the most out of it by negotiating or cajoling. However, we do it that's, what's important, we're not there to make anyone feel good or to you know not thread on someone's feet and some board members may not get that so I would I would be really pleased if you know, even in the beginning, you might say we're doing this as a deny unless for the following reason and go over it again, yes, yeah and I agree. We could try and follow this throughout all the committees. Okay, great, okay, any questions, anyone or any comments. I see that Clayton has his Hannah Clayton yeah I just had a question about the piece about the master plan, which seems really critical. What is there any chance of getting a response or reconciliation of that issue before Thursday from LPC? No, and it's very simple, the master plan is actually you know what was done and negotiated with the building owner, and here the applicant is the tenant. The tenant I mean the tent was like we're fine, you know. If you want to alter the muscle, we have no objection, but they can not make this commitment, because it's not theirs to make this commitment. I am reasonably confident and hopeful that LPC will agree that you know it kind of makes sense. You know you basically have a set number of signs and you want to keep it the way. It is because you know that's what the applicant is proposing. They do not like the sign. They want that one all right, fine, then you know in instead of having a net gain of signage. Let's do a you know: zero net sum and let's just alter the master plan. So I'm reasonably hopeful that LPC will agree and we'll see eye to eye and we sell the rationale for recommendation. Unfortunately, given who the players are it's not up to the applicant to actually agree understood thanks, which actually made it that more critical that we assure denial unless the master plan is is altered, and you know once again, the applicant was like yeah I, totally get it. It's totally fine. You know, I mean if ownership of the building is fine with it. We have no problem. We totally understand where you're coming from so yeah. Okay, anything else from anyone. Okay, thanks laila, you had two from land use right. Yes, that's right! Okay, so we had one application. It was a a BSA application for an applicant that is constructing a hotel on a 39th street in an M1 district which is M stands for manufacturing. So it's a manufacturing district and this hotel is actually was. This project was issued a DOB permit in 2018 and then subsequently there was a zoning text, amendment that was approved by the City Planning Commission and the city council. That makes a hotel use no longer conforming unless the developer seeks a special permit. So in those types of situations, one avenue for a developer is actually to seek an approval by the board of standards and appeal for a renewal of the permit. Although the use is no longer conforming and in order for BSA to approve such renewal of the DOB permits, the applicant needs to establish that 100 of the demolition on the site has been complete if any demolition was needed, that 100 of the excavation has been complete and that the foundation has been substantially completed, and so the applicant basically showed us- and you know, brought some statements and affidavits to that effect, but without really any substantial evidence, no photographic evidence of you know where the foundations stand, and they basically brought logs of concrete pouring as well as our invoices, and that basically makes the bulk of the evidence that they presented. They also explained to us that, although they had received a original DOB permit for this new building, this new hotel, they were actually planning to alter this. This permit to actually build a total building. That would cantilever and increase the total square footage by, like close to 60 percent. The committee felt that the timing of the permit seeking by the applicant the lack of clear evidence that the the foundation had been poured to what constitutes substantial completion and the fact that really community board five is strongly on board. With this new zoning amendment that makes hotels only by special permit in manufacturing. Districts meant that we had no choice. But to deny this request, we really felt that you know the evidence that the applicant was bringing. We did not rise to a level that we felt comfortable with, and we really felt that you know in. As short as that, you know a hotel at that particular location of that particular height and of that particular design was really crappy. So it was a vote for unanimous denial. Okay, any questions. Does anyone have any questions very thorough resolution, any comments about it other than the fact that it's very comprehensive and very well done? Okay, and that was unanimous right. Yes, that was that was the unanimous vote. Unanimous denial, unanimous denial right. Okay, you know I I was I tuned in to the committee meeting and they did not have a picture of the building at that time. Oh, my god they made. They made sure that they would only show us the bare minimum. You know they saw me made sure they would not show us the rendering of the building and for those of you who have not seen it yet, it will be included in the in the reso package. Prepare yourselves. It's just be prepared right, it's ridiculous! It's really ridiculous. I would mention that. We also noted in our resolution that we felt that the the design of the original proposal without the cantilever and the only 31 story hotel actually had excessive mechanical rooms. They had a total of I think six mechanical floors that had a floor-to-flow height that was absolutely gigantic and that included elements that I have never seen before. Like rainstorm water catchment tank located on the fourth floor of the building is the most absurd thing. I have ever heard. I mean why would you catch water? On the fourth floor of your building, I mean it's a disaster waiting to happen. It's. It was just bizarre, so you know I think that the there's also a DOB issue here that you know was not part of the purview, but you know I felt it was important to add the concerns that we had. You know we touched on it very briefly at the at the committee meeting, but I would be really inclined to actually reach out to the department of buildings, and you know flag that for them and also flag that for the Department of City planning, it's really a bad building, you're being kind okay and you have a report correct or no. This is also an action item. So, yes, it started as a report, and then we decided that it was an action item. So it started, as you know, the impetus that we felt to take to adopt a position on the reconstruction of the Park Avenue Malls, and you know it's an issue that has been in front of of the transportation and Environment Committee. It's it's an issue that you know like touches on. You know a number of of other committees, but we felt that it was a little bit of a pressing matter that we that we community board five adopt a you know an official position, the reason being that we know that the train shed that is located underneath the the Park Avenue Molds in, is in a state of disrepair and that the renovation of the moles is going to start mostly because of the construction of the new Jp Morgan Chase Headquarters on Park Avenue and 47Th Street. And we know that eventually- and we do not know what eventually really is, whether it is 15 years or 30 years or 50 years. But eventually the train shed will be rebuilt, which will require to rip off entirely the malls. You know pretty much from 45Th street all the way to to 57, and we think that it is an opportunity of a lifetime to actually improve them. To have a true. You know public realm vision and rather than you know, leaving it to agencies that basically know how to put asphalt, and you know a couple of trees, or you know planters here and there. The other thing is that you know as members of the the governing group. We really think that you know that there's a great value in flagging that and making sure that the resources from the governing group are allocated judiciously to the redesign and reconstruction of the mall. So basically we felt it was important to have an official position so that going forward we can continue our advocacy whether it is at the governing group. You know with the various city agencies with MTA, and you know very clearly it's a baby that you know whose custody is going to be shared between the Parks, Committee and Tna, but and online views. But it's important that the board has an official position so the position you know we discussed that at committee and the position is that you know we want funds from the the governing group earmarked for that, and we want to. You know get the attention of all the agencies that are involved and telling them that we need something that goes above and beyond the bare minimum and that you know it has to be done with public realm in mind. It has to be done with you know in a human-centric fashion. They need to be you know, a usable space. We really need to reclaim this area for a a stretch of Midtown that is so deprived of a public open space, and that was also unanimous votes and my apologies for not having completed the the resolution on that. But it's coming, I'm sorry! Okay, that's great! Does anyone have any questions or comments regarding the Park Avenue malls? The position that the committee has taken I think it's great, that's terrific! It's really exciting because it is really an opportunity of a lifetime. Okay, that takes care of everything. We need to figure out the order and we're always up with this question of whether we put the budget at the beginning or the end. Do you have any preference renee or do we have any thoughts on? When do we get the best input or responses or does not it matter, I mean my sense would be. If you put it first, you're, probably going to get the best or the most responses. Do you want that? I do not mind I, it does not matter. Yeah I would say that for my two applications we have, you know decent size, applicants teams. So you know if we want to be mindful of their time, we can put them first. If we want to, you, know sort of like let them pay low, do not make them feel yeah. No, we can we'll put as long as it does not matter to you renee. Let's do want to do landmarks first and then land views, layla and then becks sure exactly yeah. That's that that's fine with me or we can. Maybe we can break it down. You mean put them in put backs in the middle, but then you're holding you know people longer, which is what you were referring to: yeah. Okay, so yeah, that's fine, okay, all right so Marisa! Then it runs landmarks, land use and then becks, okay can I. If you have not already, can you make sure you send in your actual vote, counts sure thanks and do not forget to copy me if it's helpful for attendance purposes, you know what I'm tracking sure Vicki. Do you want me to do the report first or the budget piece? First, I guess the report, okay, yeah I mean I. Do not think it really matters, but yeah do the report first. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I have a quick question regarding attendance and excused absences. Oh that's funny. I was just going to say how are you handling it when someone says I'm sick? Are you putting it down as excused? I was just going to ask that yeah so I that the instance just happened this month and it was for medical reasons, I think for both both members and it was for land use for both both members do I have to send the email requesting to be excused to craig. How is what is the best way to to proceed? I would suggest that is the best way. How do you feel about that craig yeah? So the way I've been doing, attendance for the most part and I wanted to just remind people of some something related, but is I. Take it from like the vote lists, because some of you actually send me your attendance list, but most of you do not but I think from the vote. But if somebody let's say Ej does not come to a meeting and he has a medical excuse, there's no way, I'm going to know so leila. If you can send in that example, you can either phone me to email or if you just want to send me a note that says Ej is excused. You know because it's the chair, if you want to keep the reason, that's fine, but as little you just I would please let me know either way and for those of you who have meetings when you do not, especially if you do not have voting items. Please still send me your attendance list because there's no way otherwise I would see what attendance would be like Ej. If you had a meeting this month, I would not know. Unless you send it to me, you usually do, but you know there's no way and the other thing I think that we touched upon this. Just briefly is if the committee's meeting- and they do not necessarily, as you just mentioned- craig- have a vote at the end, then you should be taking attendance. That chair should be taking attendance at the end of the meeting, so that people just do not, you know, tune in once and then tune out or keep their name up there without any input. I guess my question on that, though Vikki is, if somebody's in the me. If the meeting is like an hour and somebody's in for 45 minutes, and they leave at the end like if they're there for one vote and there's two votes in total, they would be marked as present part right. If someone is in for a substantial I mean I. Do not think we need to get an exact numbers, but if somebody's there for a substantial amount of the meeting, but they leave after 75 is done, I would think that would probably be a present part. If there's no votes, I mean it just like if somebody leaves the last five minutes but they're not there for the attendance, it's kind of like I would be pissed that I'd be marked as absent, yeah. Just personally and I. Think to me: that's something that's at the discretion of the chair, because I do not know if we need to have an exact account and I do not think anybody's going to want to watch that kind of stuff, yeah I do not think any chair is going to want to say. Ej was on for 75 percent, keep picking on Ej, but Ej was on for 75 like nobody's going to want to keep track of that. It's just he's in the middle, so well. That's why years ago we took out the phrase for a substantial part of a meeting because who's to say, what's a substantial part, you know so I think we just have to be. You know consistent and it would be present part yeah. Okay, anybody have any thoughts, any problems, okay, anything other than what we've discussed, that you need to bring up I. I'm sorry I have one more thing just because we have a comptroller's audit on Thursday for the District office and it's one of the things they're looking at specifically are how we keep minutes and the transparency of meetings and meeting notes, so I will find out about actual committee meetings and what is going to be required, but I think, probably just as good practice. Everyone should start thinking about how they keep their notes. I know for some of you, it's the resolution itself, but when you, when you do not have an actionable item, how are you keeping those notes and so I think that's something we have to start thinking about so right now, marisa. We do not have an answer as to how extensive the committee notes have to be. We do not really I'll have a better idea on Thursday, and perhaps we do not officially need to keep to keep notes, but I think just as a matter of good practice as best practice. There should be some committee notes for everything and also we're now going to put them on the website or regular or full board meeting we yeah. We will be required to post them on on the website. I know they were for some period of time, I'm not sure why they no longer are, but they we will start doing that and we will go back to July 2019 and then do it going forward. Yeah I do not know why they're not they were not put on. I do not know. I know we were not required to, but it was I thought it was very helpful for them to be on so I do not know. I'm glad they're going on I think it's a good idea, but we have to be a little more diligent and be careful yeah. We do I think each committee has to be diligent about keeping minutes. Okay, great yeah and I. Think I think I might have mentioned to you at one point. I went to a workshop on minute, taking that you had asked me to go to a while, like maybe two months ago, and they were asking about you know it was mostly CB. You know community board secretaries and some staff, people, some staff people, and they asked the question about who was taking minutes and who was posting minutes for both full board, and it was all over the place. There was no consistency and I looked at some, especially in Queens some of the community board. They have nothing on their websites, but some especially Manhattan have a lot in terms of these minutes. So it's all over the board, but I agree. We need to you know, take a better look at it. Okay, greg, if you have any suggestion from this workshop that you took I, would be delighted because you know I do not know if you can even call that minutes, but you know I scribble during the meeting, you know pretty much everything that people say at least I try yeah, but I do not know. If that ends up constituting minutes. You know it's I know what I meant, but if you look at my notes- and you were not at the meeting- I do not know if it makes any sense and then I certainly do not make the effort to then. You know type, it neatly, and you know I mean it's like I can show you it's like tons of. You know pieces of paper notebooks. So if they're, I'm sure there's a better way. So if you have any insights and further to that, the question is: where do they go? Do they go to the board office? Do they I mean what they? Yes they should? They should come to the board office because there's ever a question, there's ever an issue. You know they should be accessible. Yeah and I can tell you, from years of sitting next to sitting to the right of Clayton or to the left of Nick me at psql and parks. They do the same thing. They take extensive notes, but I do not think it actually goes anywhere. I mean I know we have a book in psql, but and I can go through my notes from that meeting. But basically the answer was less is more like you would not put like this person says this, and this person says that it's more about actionable steps, even if there is no reso, and it could be actually pretty brief. In terms of minute, you know formal minutes, you know best practices, I can put something together for, and you know present to you guys as committee chairs as to what you know what they were recommending. But what it was not. You know your notes of typing extensive notes as to what everybody said that would not be. That would not be minutes. You know that would not be proper minutes. That would be too overboard. Okay, like I, can work on that I mean I can tell you that on other community boards they do one of two things. They either assign a secretary for each committee. So it's just sort of another leadership position, that's added to the community board or they take turns, and so you know a different person on the committee takes the minutes at each meeting, but that's really what we did. That was long-standing practice in parks was basically putting members in the hot seat. Somebody has to raise their hand or the meeting is not going to start, so we would just open them. I mean like who on the committee is going to take notes tonight and I would sit there twiddling my thumbs until somebody raises their hand and then those were really not formal minutes. They really were just notes of the conversation and then that document we would just email to Kim at the board office. So that's on in some file somewhere, but we can that has that even that practice has also kind of fallen to the wayside in recent months. So I think that's something we can easily start up again yeah. Well, it's good to know we're not alone. This is something I guess that everybody's going to have to pay attention to now. Okay, anything else, all right, seeing no other business. We will adjourn and I will see you all on Thursday evening, God Willing and the creek do not rise stay safe. Bye-Bye bye, guys.",
            "summary": "If it was important enough to share it on the website as well, for each of the individual committees or what we've done, you know as a board as a whole, so any thoughts or changes or additions that you may have will be really.\nI think for for what'll come out of bex, but the two DOT presentations were two topics, and we kind of received interim reports on both and no board action was required or would frankly do anything at this time.\nThe Tne meeting that will happen in two weeks is potentially assigning the topic to two to four members of the committee sort of along the lines of what we did with the bike sharing issue in the past, to give them kind of ample time to research, contact, elected official offices and sort of figure out what it makes sense to essentially adopt as a as a dedicated position of CB5, as opposed to just like sticking in calls for enforcement to every other resolution that we pass so I sort of wanted to flag it as something that we're thinking about doing, get people's thoughts as to whether or not there would be any complications or problems with that.\nI can certainly respond to dave if we decide to move forward in this way, and let him know that that we are going to do that kind of thing.\nYou know I, think there are specific people on T E who are very vocal about the issue joel, who he cc'd when he emailed us one of them.\nIt was John Rayburn in the past yep, but we also think that you know we have not had a lot of agenda items.\nAnd you know, I was thinking aj that it would come to committee for discussion, with.\nNo, you know just to keep it, get the ball rolling on what we're going to do, or were you thinking of having some sort of a resolution or position.\nThink we've, you know, I, have you know sort of come to the realization that yelling at D.O.T to do more really does not accomplish anything, because they do not feel like they have any enforcement authority and as far as I can tell they do not yelling at NYPD.\nYou know I do not want to say for sure that we would come up with a specific board.\nLane resolutions come to us we're going to start getting pushback on every single one, where we just deny for no without having a position.\nI did not know if people had known about it or not, but I thought it was interesting that the city has agreed not to send the police on mental health calls, but instead they're going to send mental health professionals along with the.\nOkay, so I have a report, but I do not know that you need to a few people came to the to the committee.\nIf you go through the list, you'll see you know, in the capital, side, purchasing ipads, making sure that Wi-fi is available and accessible to every student in the district, making sure that there's a mental health professional, which is something that we have supported with resolutions in each of our schools, I'm, not going to go through each one.\nOkay going down the list like I, see expense, requests.\nUnless you want me to go through the a report about the voting issues that we heard about a lot of it had to do.\nThere are two issues that are two bills that are constitutional amendments at the state level that we need to keep our eye on that are going to be voted on by referendum, but they have to pass to successive legislatures.\nYou know very easily, reversible interventions to to a landmark building and we issued a denial unless the master plan would be altered to replace the previously approved h sign with the proposed blade sign, and it was a unanimous vote.\nI. Just one little pla thing that I wanted to add one of the committee members yet again objected to the wording of the the resolve and felt that a conditional approval would be preferable to deny unless so, once again.\nCould you please either agree to this or come back without you know the way you always talk about it and that it really works that you do get applicants that come back after we've given a full denial and that even a deny unless gets what we want faster or better than a conditional.\nI mean I think we have to keep emphasizing the fact that we are advisory and by you know, being advisory for us to take the strongest road and the strongest position and try and get the most out of it by negotiating or cajoling.\nYou know, I, think that the there's also a DOB issue, here.\nWe touched on it very briefly at the at the committee meeting, but I would be really inclined to actually reach out to the department of buildings, and you know flag.\nYou know it's an issue that has been in front of of the transportation and Environment Committee.\nIt's an issue that you know like touches.\nYou know pretty much from 45Th street all the way to to 57, and we think that it is an opportunity of a lifetime to actually improve them.\nYou know whose custody is going to be shared between the Parks, Committee and Tna, but and online views.\nAs little you just I would please let me know either way and for those of you who have meetings when you do not, especially if you do not have voting items.\nIt's one of the things they're looking at specifically are how we keep minutes and the transparency of meetings and meeting notes, so I will find out about actual committee meetings and what is going to be required, but I think, probably just as good practice.\nThere should be some committee notes for everything and also we're now going to put them on the website or regular or full board meeting.\nYou know I mean it's like I can show you.\nThey should come to the board office because there's ever a question, there's ever an issue.\nSo you know a different person on the committee takes the minutes at each meeting, but that's really what we did.\nI mean like who on the committee is going to take notes."
        }
    }
}