I know it's a lot to have to zoom meetings in a month, but as we needed to do this, to make sure that we're keeping up with all the changes that are happening in the community I'm going to have to add something to our agenda: tonight.
The reason it's coming up is because this came up at the lower Eastside ready meeting today and Carlino talked about it, and the resolution would be very specific and limited and which is the only reason it's timely because, as Alicia said, she's creating the petition.
Okay, I think well Susan sort of addressed my question, which is that I think that there's like a larger issue, obviously because what the coverage said essentially, is that there's no articulated guidelines for how police officers are supposed to be enforcing social distancing?
Unfortunately, this resolution, that's a very big and very important issue, we're actually in most of CB 3 having a lot of problems and complaints, because social distancing in all these areas, you're mentioning- are not being enforced, but for this resolution, and that would be something that could be put on the agenda for June Many people in the city will be taking that up.
Carlina, okay, he's creating the petition, and it will address one issue and that's the media termination of an officer with a history of aide complaints of excessive force, 8, So I think we could, and if we sign the petition, we have to vote on it right.
It is good to sign the petition, but it is also good to have it on the agenda of a future meeting, because I believe that this is not the first time it will happen and it still needs to be addressed.
But her petition right now that we're being asked that we could not sign on to is to terminate this officer there's going to be a lot more information coming out, and I mean these officers has eight incidents in the past, but I just feel like there should be a trigger or a petition for a resolution.
They asked to reach out to the community Just anyone could not jump in okay to support council member Rivera's petition to have officer Garcia of PSA for immediately terminated due to his record of eight incidents of excessive force and the most.
What I was going to suggest I think we need to table this until we actually know what the petition says.
Does that in my office, but I think if you, if you search his name, the federal lawsuits are just supposed to pop up like under They are newly appointed members and they will be receiving committee request forms from me, soon.
Member I did not contact that person, because I do not know when that's going to be activated and would like direction from the exec on that and the other one is the Chinatown neighborhood which I can't imagine meeting anytime soon, And I was wondering if we should send a letter to the public members saying that we will be in touch with them when the committee is reactivated, but I want wanted direction from the exec on both of those well I.
Think is important for us to stay in communication with the public members , so I do agree that we should definitely send out a letter of communication, just letting them know when we resolve or regain a committee again that we would definitely like to have them on board.
Assuming that we'll go back to all the committees meeting in June, because we talked about putting district needs on that And I'm, assuming that they will be unzoom unless the executive order, changes.
But I would like the committee to confirm that The exec had said that we were only dealing with agenda items that needed a resolution in June.
I'm, just kind of following what season, because we've obviously had a few folks that want to get put some items on to parks which do not necessarily require a timely vote and or a city decision.
My hope is that you know, for the next meet coming up for each of the committee's I, will make the chair a co- host so that they can see what the functionality is, but I'm hopeful that eventually, the chairs can take over running the technical side of their meetings so that I do not have to spend it every evening of my life on a community board zoom, especially if we're going to go back to every community tune, but I would.
May I can hardly hear you, so my committee I would prefer no I would prefer not to over Non. We do not have non vote items unless it's somehow, unless the information we are getting is somehow related to our district needs, which is you know, for us, But. If it's just people who want to make presentations about stuff I would rather wait.
You know the around, where the community board offices Since, there's so few organ organizations within Deborah's area that we suggest Jessa and Cooper Square, committee, I'm, going to say just thought of one more That's the third Street man, shelter, Fine, with that I.
Right, so I asked you all to start to generate some ideas as to what each committee would like to contribute towards the district need statement and what we should be focusing outside of sorts ways to focus.
One of it was we set up the actual format of serve being very six and brief and bullet points with just highest priorities, but the time most related to this was after sandy, in which the exec decided that every committee would kind of talk about what it took away from or learned, or what must be done because of Sandy You know the committee's would kind of know best for their committees, but I think there's a lot one of inequity and things that have become very obvious, that you know that relay to what we've learned from this pandemic that the committees might want to consider.
Think, the challenge, certainly for economic development, is going to be that, like we do not know right.
You know not only day by day, but like it's hard to project where the city's economy is going to be the next month, the next year, so on.
What I would like to suggest is that we have it finished by August, but not vote on it in case there are changes and things that come up between that in October that we could make those changes and I just also want to remind people that this is a document to assess our needs and that we will then afterward be voting on specific budget priorities.
If there are issues that we can ask an agency that relate directly to Community, Board three and that general like a senior program, but if it's about something specific like streets, certain streets or projects, let me know, and we can set up a meeting- What do you think about like having the district needs as ready as possible in August, but not voting on it and voting on it?
We, should start to talk about what that needs to look like each chairperson of every committee should be on board for that to give a description of your committee and maybe give a little personal statement as to you know, your experience on the community board.
I. Definitely think that we need to think about how to keep them connected to you, know, being a part of community for three trevor My question was for Susan, but I can wait until my committee report.
This is something that courtesy of the office this was created to kind of help us, because actually we members of the exact should be looking at this quite a bit and focusing on it and seeing where we can also make amendments to it and say during this time, like now we're in the midst of Co bad right.
You talk about 500 foot rule when you talk about going before the SLA board things that things like that, I mean like week, things that we need to know when we're voting on a vote.
But Alicia I, also think that we might want to include as part of this documents that we put together after our training with the outside facilitator about what the role of the chair is, how the public participate in our meetings and stuff like that, okay, he's got his hand.
I just actually talked about that, and what I mentioned was Ed in June I need the questions for the agenda.
That's something that we are going to continue to work on like Susan, said earlier, because we do not have to submit it until what you say: October racism right, well, vote.
If you want And, we talked about first, the date for the zoom gathering Should we wait until I think we should wait until June after the full board anyone else for suggestions, they're attending full board for the first time right, there, Tipton, yeah, Mm- Hmm, makes sense to do it.
I know there are a couple of committee meetings going on every night.
Okay, so we'll just go down the line, transportation, anything to report, we're going to be meeting on Tuesday about open streets, and anybody wants to come into the zoo.
The dicas people towards the building needs to be depressed because of a safety reason, and we asked them to present it again at our lanius meeting on May 14, so that the public can be updated as well., okay , landmarks: Yep talk about your committee request form for Tamila Did. He request she's going to change her committee.
We really need to consult the committee, but you know we're meeting this week.
We need to consult the exact, because if you're going to be you're asking for things not to be heard in other committees and be on this committee, We have an agenda item coming up in June, because the emergence a.m. I think it's a Mt building on the waterfront is going through is going to be renovated because of still because of Sandy.
It came to Kim two landmarks, If it's in a park, whichever you may wish to continue handling the thing It's on pier 36 What's, the issue, I did not realize it was an issue, they're renovating it and they have to come before the committee be before the community Board before they go to design Commission.
Why I'm asking questions because, like, for example, of basketball city, which is actually the same type of big ugly boxy structure, has a design change which they will come before us because they want to put a sign up.
But I think that if we're going to have a parks, waterfront resiliency, because I imagine designers, also talking about resiliency, that we kind of need to keep that under the water project.
I, do not think I should have had a parks and about that I was just going to confirm that we would not change the committee description, but that this one would go to landmark.
I guess we can move them to agenda now for not looking for not just looking at items that need to be voted on, but we had discussed in foreign city agencies or said that they were not meeting after 6:00 p.m. or regular work, hours.