Blowing, the kind of stuff that's going on in my country, in my report, I, like to again in the same wavelength, continue to commend and congratulate those of us who have been directly participating in the March.
Just said, My report, The first thing I'm very happy to inform, is that once again in June, all the committee met real tually.
Let's see what we can come to address this matter, because it's unprecedented, you know we have it in the summer, but this year is going out ahead.
You have anything that you will like that I purchase for your operation, please let me know no later than tomorrow, morning, because I need to be placing these orders this week in order to have all the transaction complete and paid before June 30th.
Very I know you have questions regarding the IRT budget, but I deferred that with the Treasury report, we're going to do that, later.
A number of people through my committee have expressed some interest in picking up garbage in the parks, I do not know if we have a lot of leftover money.
That report earlier is better in the new fiscal year to have some time to talk about it, but you know certainly on the budget.
Or is there any other community committee chair that would like to have a meeting during July, except maybe for the licensing?
What would be the process, because I want to work with he's, even I'm, being able to formalize a way of being able to identify and bring trainings to a lot of those small businesses here to start developing some sort of plan to be able to address racism in anti- The office of demanding Williams I am so sorry because I'm doing it from my phone, so I think that summer is a particularly good time to have these kinds of meetings where we're doing informational sessions and we're not passing resolutions or conducting official business.
We're doing that thing that actually community boards do best, which is networking and brainstorming and getting in for pushing information out to the public, so I think that's a great idea.
So any of your committee members who is not able to attend Let people know that you're having a thing it's hard for them to show up.
Typically, we okay, you do seven to ten days, but you know you're going to have a hard time getting people to show up.
Four just feel free contact me It's important that she's yeah, In addition, generally, the executive committee is only participated in by the members of the executive committee, but you know we can accept additional stuff, but and Domingo I just want to.
Let you know that what's happening in the chat is Mariela Graham in terms of a question now My colleagues asking them whether or not they want us to have a meeting in July, which we have never done in the past, but considering also that this is not something that is mandated so here from then or heard from them.
Okay, thanks I just want to say the Asian Committee will be meeting in July and August.
Our committee decided to have an informative discussion to learn about the experiences that many students, parents and community in general had or have been impacted with the you know, Kobe night in So. We call up for a meeting in collaboration with the Department of Youth and Community Development, specifically with a committee which they called the neighborhood Advisory Committee.
Is that I really wanted to I want to insist in expanding our relationship throughout the community and with other city agency, because I really consider very important for the kind of work that we do, that we continue are trying to engage in and building our relationship with many now besides, like oh I, hope , That is an urgent matter that I think it needs our attention, and this has to do with a proposal.
Had you know two agenda items for June, one of which was consideration of the BSA application for the win community music charter, school and The other was an update on the proposed West 158 Street row, House district Historic district on the agenda.
The environmental and traffic reports were not yet finished, so we had some time the applicants met with those three committees in May and at the June land use committee meeting.
You know, a update on those conversations actually the day before the Land Use Committee, meeting Department of Environmental Protection approved the their plan for acoustical attenuation and the environmental remediation plan is under review.
You know community facility coming to the area at this juncture, occupancy of the building is slated for September 2022 concerning the West 158 street row house district A bit and landmarks has not been all that supportive of the issue with not great reasons, some of the new research that is interesting as we've looked at or the parties who are doing.
Right now had discussion about things going on in the community for seniors talking about the cooling centers to be open, but then I understand subsequent to our meeting that there's a possibility that they're not going to open the schools and flux at the moment , they're, providing air conditioners for low, income, families or communities for those that do not have a working, air, conditioner, functional air conditioner, starting with nights of buildings, And they'll, be moving out from their concerns about long lines at the stores and banks and post office, and that sort of thing and seniors having difficulty waiting in lines.
You know ideal to have a first line of communication with both of those guys and we can in our aid managers tree with it, so that even you know take it to the extent of maybe using some local social media guys to in the question to highest chamber of Commerce also distributed so that they can get the message out that he can just be from nine to ten, which I think is usually the norm in a 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. they should do.
So that feels like a word that needs to get out to Domingo, who is decidedly not elderly, to Ysidro, who is also not elderly, Eliezer God willing, we'll all get there and Eliezer in his capacity as a contact on the chamber of Commerce to just let business people know that the special senior hours should be at like 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
We want to make sure that you know this resolution was specifically crafted, so is to acknowledge really the hardship that's being had right now in our community afterwards.
We want to make sure like how do we keep moving forward with a conversation about how different people who view what is or is not an appropriate use of parks, figure out?
You know what the last thing anybody needs is: a white lady, rolling up to a group of people saying hey, you're, being a little too loud, so I was just going to let it go And then I saw that they had driven a vehicle up onto the Park Lawn.
It is more of a fall thing, most likely, but It's going to be a community like elected officials, CB 12, the public small business owners, which are a big piece of this.
They are the fact that this stretch sort of relates to two major highways and access to two major highways in the world's busiest bridge, and it also links to you know it's hard to sort of just take that strip without considering all the activity of bus turnarounds on 178 and 179, and that this board approved a resolution that related 278, but This is a very big one and there is going to be and need to be a lot of public process around this, because there's not And, then just coming back to a cedras question about the traffic study.
This is not the general mirror which I'm sure you know, probably better than I do so if we can just move the process that for lack of transparency, so that way, I can get all the reports in on time.
We're, not the first ones, and ours is more complicated, I'll just refer people to will make the you know you can go to New York City gov to the D- O- T site on the bike share section and take a look about where stuff is exactly, and this was sort of a long.
Why I try to incorporate them into the meetings, and one of the suggestions that I'm going to be asking of them in September is for them to be able to provide CBA's, for instance, the target in 225th Falls it within this district.
So I think need to be mindful of the financing of the public benefits, because that we can, then you know legitimately, tie some kind of a community benefit.
The reason behind it was that I was invited to a meeting that the congressman was holding with the tower hotel What was it that they were promising, because when people start coming into spaces to communities talking about, we want to transform this.
If you want to appeal to the goodwill and of a business to say that they should work with the community and provide some benefits when they move in then great, we should try to do that, but understand that they could there's no particular leverage if they're doing stuff.
I think it's about creating processes that are transformative and actually engaged our community and make sure that we safeguard our community because I'm assuming as communities community board members, we were looking to be able to make sure that we're at the at the interest of our community and not at those of those elected officials who get voted into office and have their own interest.
We should be safeguards of our community I like to just point that out in Ysidro a question for you Eli concerning the new licenses that are going to come in July and August.
It's something that we would not be manageable, particularly important to have meetings virtually, because that's going to add up a green number of questions that should be asked and would take a long time, So I'm, looking forward to see if we can address this question in the summer time, because I think is critical and This time restrictive.
I would say we need to have at least just like all the committee's a July and a special July meeting to look at those licenses, at least just to make sure that they pass something that we can do.
Do, not think it's fair for the applicants to wait for March if it is not on that Yet I think that the community board should vote on that in this month in June, and not wait until July, because by the time they'd be able being put on the agenda for the SLA.
All you have to do is send a letter to City Hall I got previously stated and as for the amount and what your distribution is going to be, and somebody from the mayor's office will contact you and that you know how much you could get right And The question is having dispensing machines so that we do not have to have people dispensing them.
You have in report Please, encourage your committee members to subscribe to the channel, because I have not still same people asking for some links of previous meetings to do by you, know, to write or to listen, again, basically, just encourage and to subscribe to the to the channel, which is NYC, em, semi, 12, M, NYC, and if its own, on Facebook page is my C cynical family So do not like direct people to the bottom of the page.
Those discussions are going on at this point and while I do not see a July, Executive, Committee meeting, your report to I will stay in touch with LA, consistent discussions.
So, what is parks and the city doing to be able to step up and figure out how we're going to engage our youth You know the questions that we should be asking, because that definitely is a major part of the issue.
Like I, do not know 65:70 people at my meeting.
The fact that people can come very easily attend, listen to a meeting, throw up a question in the chat, raise their hand and speak I was really concerned and skeptical when we first started this like virtual thing.