Cb6 197a working group, my name is kavitha matthew, I'm the chair of the working group and this meeting is called to order at 701 pm tonight. We're joined by assistant district manager, cody osterman. Do we have any members of the public today cody two two people, brian from the borough president's office and asia, I'll make ossia a panelist one moment great members of the public. You can raise any questions or comments that you have to q and a feature room if there's time following the work engage discussion, we'll field questions from the public and we do need a volunteer to take minutes so have any volunteers. Please raise your hand wells you're up for it. I see your actual hand raised yeah. I can take minutes. Okay, all right, so wells magaly will be taking minutes tonight and now we'll take attendance. Cody will conduct the roll call just get my notebook here, jim collins here, sandy mckee sandy wells, magaly present rich mints, heir lucipersky, bloody simon here corrine I texted karen and just now she said she can't make, and claude l winfield claude he's here. I don't know where he disappeared. To he was here: yeah god there he is right. You've got to unmute yourself, yeah there you go all right, you're all you're all set. Okay, I see rich, has his hand raised. Was that for a minute I don't know okay anyway, let's get back to things. The agenda for tonight's meeting was distributed ahead of time by the board office and appears on the screen in front of you. If there's no objection about the agenda, as stated of the working group, if you object to adopting the agenda, you may raise your hand through them. Seeing no objections. The agenda for tonight's meeting is adopted. The minutes from the September 3rd meeting were distributed ahead of time by the board office. If there's no objection, we will adopt these minutes working group members. If you object to adopting these minutes, you may raise your hand through zoom, okay, seeing no objections. The minutes from the September 3rd meeting are adopted and they will soon be available on the cb 6 website. I'm going to just breeze through our ground rules. Since everybody, I think at this point knows them. So no one will may speak until granted the floor working group members. If you have a question or want to make a motion, please raise your hand through zoom. The chat function should not be used for working group, business or questions about agenda topics. Those should be made on the record by raising your hand through zoom and chat, should only be used for technical difficulties. When a working group member is given the floor to speak I'll, identify you and you can unmute yourself, so you can speak and we're required by the executive order to create a verbatim transcript of the meeting. So please keep your questions and comments, succinct and germane to the discussion, and we are going to jump into the agenda so first off I wanted to update everybody on the promo place website status. It was a. It was a group team effort. I guess including many folks from our committee. Thank you wells and letty and corrin and sandy all contributed to it and then finally, we also had brian van I'm going to say his name wrong van nugen oven. I can't say it, but anyway he jumped in and actually helped us put together the working website which at this point, I think, is in pretty good shape. We have some minor edits still to do and some additions, but it is, at this point, live and published, so we'll continue to make edits to it, but we would like to be able to use it for our next steps in terms of outreach to folks about this project. I don't know cody. If you I know your screen sharing. If there's any way, you can kind of take us through the tabs at the top. This is the home page. Can everybody see it yes and just kind of scroll down for us? If you don't mind, thank you. So letty worked on all the text. There's a lot of information here about what we know and, as all of you know, from the last meeting where we had the msbi representative brad tell us. This is what we know for now. Things may change. We have not had the meeting yet with the task force. I'm still assuming that'll be sometime this month. Hopefully so, what's up is the tab here and it's basically you know it's based on information. We had kind of pre-covered and we put a couple of disclaimers in there that we don't know exactly what's happening now, but you know working on assumptions our best assumptions. At this point we are going to add, I think, a few more images. I don't think the photos made it in the website. Although the map did it was on the first page. We can jump back to that later then. The get involved page gives you gives everybody some information about how they can participate in this and share their thoughts through this survey or form that they can fill out and select. Particular it says: do you think we need more of any of the following? It also lets them. If we want to go, can we go up to the top for a second of that? Okay? So basically, it's just name organization, email address and cody. When people fill this out, they'll automatically be added to our email or any kind of mail campaigns. We have right yes for this specific kind of target audience that you're developing that's separate from the standard mailing list. Yes and that's, I think that's how we want it for now, so we really want to specifically target people. We think groups and people we think, would be interested in this development. Specifically, you know either physically around that area. We also want local officials to be updated on things that we find out and that little survey or mailchimp form allows us to track all that information, and then we can also gather some community input about what people think is needed on that site. You know in general and in the meantime you know, I think this is a way for us to put together a plan. I know letty thank you for that. He had kind of started, putting together a plan for outreach, and I will go over that and distribute it to the group after this meeting. We just got it today, so I didn't get a chance to really go through it. This is the map that sandy's office prepared. That gives also, you know the most current information. As we know it about which properties were previously sold, which ones are kind of on the future chopping block, as we know it, these could change. They could sell those piecemeal at this point or phase it. We don't really know exactly what's going to happen, but those big yellow blocks are what we're looking at as potential development sites. That should let everybody you know, call their attention to it. So does anybody have any thoughts or input? I know there's a few links that we have to update in some images. For sure it looks great, thank you I'm so impressed at how professional it is and how quickly it came together. Me too, considering I just kind of farmed it out to everybody else on the group to do that was really nice. Thank you that I think I invited brian to go to brian picking up where I left off yeah. I actually we did invite. I invited him a couple of times because I was hoping we could kind of thank him in person. This is what he does professionally. I believe so. He was able to kind of jump in there and take what we had. He had a lot of questions I know, but he was able to put together at least a working website for us, and now we can, I know, there's a few links that I want to make active and things that we want to tweak a little bit. But otherwise you know I want to I'll. Send everybody or cody will send everybody the link to this after the meeting you can kind of look through it see if you notice any errors or anything that you think we. I don't think we can change major elements at this point, but small things text you know updates or if you notice, something's, not working like a link. You can tell us so we'd really like that input, and then we can start putting together our outreach list for people to actually see this. As I said, we don't have any real updates on the on the development of the state and we are hoping to hear from the president's task force to see if there's an upcoming meeting in October. As we were told at the last meeting, I think everybody's waiting on this potential second wave- that hopefully never happens, but we don't really know so, I think maybe the end of October or something is when we're targeting that to happen, targeting what to happen, targeting the msbi task force meeting. Okay, are we good to release this to the groups that we were targeting? You know, I think it's ready to release like if we can just keep a list if we can just be tracking who we're reaching out to, I think we're fine, I'm looking at it live as we as we talk, and I notice that to take our survey unless we don't have a survey and the latest news are not clicking. The latest news, I know, was not updated and the latest news I thought we did talk about just kind of tying that in I way to the bellevue site, all right and then adding our own stuff exactly or maybe, like you know, really. The latest news at this point might be that we have an upcoming task force meeting that will yeah or you know our own working group meeting. I'm sorry not teddy, and I presume we have not compiled a survey yet compiled the survey. I mean, I think the survey itself is really. I think that might be and wells you can tell me if you remember this or not, but I feel like the survey was really that form that we're talking about. I don't know if there was another survey that we were intending to launch on this site. Okay, well, the home page has as a take our survey, so maybe what we should do yeah. I think there there's just the one. It's like a survey sign up, so maybe we should just change the wording on that. Little that little button to say some other call to action. You know newsletter sign up or you know it's etc, yeah, but anyway, this feedback is great, but I think what everyone should do is take a look at this and you know after the meeting and give feedback to the group, and then we can take that and make you know, revisions and edits to this on a rolling basis, yeah exactly we can keep updating this as we go. I think wells you had an idea that I forgot to mention. I don't think it ever, I'm not sure ever made it into the text talking about maybe more about sustainable, green space, and you know prioritizing things like that on the site. I don't know if we put all of that language in there, but we can kind of as you go through this. If you see anything that you would advise any of you, I think we missed even in the survey itself, you know if there's any like check boxes, we should add. We do have an other box, obviously for people to add suggestions. Yeah, I think the point is it's a start and we're going to be adding to it adding content to it. Maybe in the future there would be a more in-depth survey once we have. You know something that we're really targeted and asking about so it's the framework for future content, distribution and communication to the stakeholders exactly and it's a good way for us to update. Also council members. It's a good way for msbi to look at this and see what is the community seeing you know. What's the message, that's going out to everybody about this site and that way we actually get feet. You know, I think it kind of more of a dialogue between all of us, and hopefully we get more updates, because if we have something on here, that's absolutely not what they want out there. You know they can come back to us and give us feedback. We want to send it out to. If we have a list of people we want to send it out to you. Letty had another idea, I think, in her email and letter you can chime in. If you want about having kind of a, I think with the email it was to have some kind of attachment pdf. You know a couple of page documents that was like a page per tab of the website. My thought about that was you never know going forward. People may want more information, in addition to saying them go to the website. If part of what I tried to do when I created the copy was to figure out that each one of these pages would be, we could turn this entire thing into an info deck, a pdf which we could send and same thing that could be updated. So that's kind of what I was thinking about the website. In addition, sometimes somebody wants some information, so we could just pdf the website. You know each page stand out too right. It becomes something where you know I could just do a handout that they can download off the website. Yes, but we can also do a p and we can do it as a pdf, so they can't edit it yeah, that's what I'm at yeah, but it should be, and it also is something you can attach. If somebody asks for something you can attach it to an email, I just don't think it should exist in two places. It should be on no it would, it would be the same copy. It wouldn't be anything different right, but even so luddy, I'm just saying it shouldn't be like a little document. I think, because once you update the website, we should automatically be able, if that's possible, I don't even know how this works, but if we would be able to download pdfs that are updated. That would just be the same thing if we could take each one of those pages, it doesn't matter just it's a thought. It's not it's just to get some conversation going right, yeah. I think this is a very easy process. We can just very easily export each page as a pdf and then staple it together as, like. You know combine a little example, and then you would that, would you would just do that? You know maybe you'd do that whenever you made a major change to it or something like that, but you know it's super easy any of us. I could do it for us this week if we want to have that ready to send and send it out to everybody, but I think we ought to go through. We should have a little feedback from everybody first and when we're ready. Yes, I agree so yeah. If we can target like within a week if people could get us any feedback, you know take some time. Look through the website. It's not a huge amount of information, it's like five tabs or something right really, if you need it and just double check that we got everything and we're not missing anything. The point of it was to keep the information simple and assume the person who's looking at. It does not know anything right, it was very introductory and it does link a link back to its domain of the main. You know cb6 website and there's links that take you back to that too. So they understand. This is a you know, a sub group working on this specific issue, but we are part of the larger community board itself. We want to do a a facebook page to reach out and target. I think rich, and I had discussed this at one of the earlier meetings about building in some. You know a couple hundred dollars budget. Oh you mean you mean paid advertising to promote targeted. You know target but targeted. You know for within our zip codes and other interested parties. That's really how you're gonna reach it. That's how you're going to do that. I don't know if we have budget, but if we do you know a couple hundred dollars will go a long way, yeah right any thoughts on cody. Is that something that you think is reasonable to look into just to a facebook page as opposed to a group that has to be monitored and all that nonsense? We've done targeted twitter campaigns to draw registrants or attendance at full board before so we've got the infrastructure set up. I think would just potentially be something that the executive committee might need to okay before spending any either city funds or street fair funds, but you can reach out where we are. If we are able to do that and if there's any funding available yeah well, there's some. I guess the full board meets October 16th, something like that. Yeah also cody I'll. Send you all the information for the for the twitter account. I don't know what's going on with twitter, they won't. I got nothing back on the appeal. I sent one message that said test and they killed. It killed the account. So I think it was probably because I listed it as a business account and then use my own name. I don't know what's going on, but it's the account the perlman place at perlman place. Twitter feed is out and available. So if you can set, if you can set it up under cb6 auspices, I'll I'll, send you whatever detail I had on. The account that I had set up sounds good okay, so I think you know given all this. If we do get feedback on the website within a week, we kind of prepare those pdfs once we're fine, you know finalized for now. On the website pages, we can start doing that outreach kind of email campaign we can find out if the social media targeted campaign is a possibility- and I think we should start thinking about when we do sort of an invite to a meeting down the road. You know where it becomes a 197a working group meeting and let me know what you think that this could be more of a little bit of more outreach to the community and say we want your feedback. We are having an open forum, but I think it should be a couple of months off. At least maybe we don't schedule that until we get the next update from msbi okay, any thoughts on that or other ideas for initial community outreach just, but it's going to be slow because you know, for obvious reasons, this is going to be pokey getting started. That's all right, that's good, because I think what we want to do while it's pokey getting started is that we can get feedback about not only what the community wants, but we can also research what the community has right. So what are the existing services? And what do we really need and do a little more of a deep dive into that? I know we've done some of it and tried to do some in the past, but I think we kind of resurrect that and look at it again. So, while I think everything's been delayed by six months plus on the msbi side, you never know you know when things start ramping up again, they might speed up their development and sale. We might also want to have you do an interview kavitha with with the town and village newspaper. That sounds like fun. You know I'm up, for it sure talent, village is gone, it doesn't exist, oh well, there you go the newspaper really. What do they call it? Now it's gone. It's the whole thing is gone. It's gone wow. I didn't know that and completely there's no like online. There was a website I mean I haven't yet had online, but their last article was in April yeah. My understanding really is completely gone. Okay, wow! I'm surprised, I guess, nobody's advertising because everything's shut down that those are there was there was a subscriber base, but wow didn't know that yeah I didn't either, but okay, one more, we can get you so we'll press it up. We'll get you an interview with somebody else. I think in the next, like the daily news or somebody in the next few months, we're going to start getting the work, I'm going to do the daily news or I can get you. I could get you an interview with cranes, all right, that's of interest I'll, do the whole interviews with anybody. I want to make sure I know what I'm talking about by the time, we're actually interviewing and get a little more information and make sure that we are prioritizing community outreach and feedback so that it doesn't look like we're working kind of in this siloed way that we, you know we kind of are now just because we are getting our act together and our information together, but I think moving forward we'd like to be able to engage more of the groups, the interest groups and the and the individuals, the residents around the area, okay, so any other thoughts on community plan next steps for outreach. If not I'm going to move on to our next agenda item, which is actually, I spent a little time going back to the original. You know the 197a, the reason that we're kind of all part of this working group and just other things that I thought we should we should not lose sight of and the one thing that we looked at right before the pandemic hit and everything was remapping and we had done a few things about it. So I just did want to kind of review once again where we were with that remind everybody that we did have that report, that cody sent out from george james that went over those three streets, 16th, 26th and 30th streets. In terms of you know what is the advantage of remapping? I did get some feedback from many of you way back when if you even remember that we had asked a few questions about what the public benefit would be for each of these, if it were to be remapped and just to give you guys kind of a, I think we had jim wells claude sandy kind of responded to those. I know others of you will have opinions too, but it looked like overall 30th street did seem to have some interest in looking at it becoming you know as advantageous to investigate the idea of remapping. 26Th street was pretty much dead in the water 16th street, although I think in the george james report, if I recall correctly, I didn't reread everything, but I think that was maybe the most difficult because of the con ed and everything else involved there, but that was at least about half and half two of you guys and myself. I think it is worth looking at. I know, jim. I think you mentioned that if anything that should go, the 16th street should kind of be prioritized for green space. I feel the same way I think, in accordance with our earlier 197 year plan. So I mean what I just want to find out is: what's the best way to end up getting you know to gain waterfront access and or green space to make it more of a public. You know publicly accessible either it's a path or it's all green or it's whatever it is. I don't know if remapping it or leaving it alone is better, but I think remapping honestly makes sense, but we should look into it. I think we need to look into it. Well, george had issues with the fact you know we're probably going to have to the city would have to buy the land from the state, and I would presume that somebody in the legislature would have to vote to alienate the land to the city since its state property. So that's another issue, but insofar as is access to the water, you have access to the water like two blocks up. You know if you go from 16th street to the fdr access drive and then cross a little median you're right there at at the park, so you have there's really ready access to the waterfront within you know a five minute walk less than five minutes. I think it's too much. I think it can be better honestly, but you know I know what you're saying I walk there all the time and I just feel like. I think a lot is gonna change down there. Given all the other work, that's gonna happen, anything prioritizing the fact that I don't know why. What it's? Usually the other downside of it is that if you, if you do remap the straight, you know that's that would make it somewhat valuable property and con ed has maintained those baseball fields, kind of out of the generosity of their heart and who knows what they might do, given the fact that basically, what they might have development rights. So that's another risk. I would think george can speak to that better yeah, I don't know sorry, go ahead bridge, I'm just going to say that's the kind of risk that we run just sort of as a matter of course, in a dense city where we would like to see things change and I think it's hard to mitigate it entirely and wells. You had something. I just wondered whether I was just on the land use committee meeting on tuesday night monday, tuesday. I can't remember I didn't know, but we had an update from the east side coastal resiliency project. You know that is going to have some impact in that area on 16th street, and I wonder if we you know, I can't I'd, have to look specifically at the presentation that they gave and the maps of what's happening in that area in particular, but during the phasing of that project might present an opportunity like good timing, to address what's happening on 16th street. You know in the course of the closures and the construction and the various things that are kind of you know happening in that area. It's definitely touching that or right up against that area. So we something that we could investigate a little bit or if george, maybe we could talk to land use about it or I think we should talk to land use about it. I think we should kind of run it up the flagpole and various agencies to see what you know, because I think it's not even about it being under construction for other things. It's about ownership, and you know who has the right to develop on that site and you know, is it a public? Is it public area or not? I guess public street or not, so I think we should definitely look into that, but that's what I meant like with escr, that whole area is going to be so changed it's hard to it's hard for me to envision exactly. You know what the best use of it is after the implementation of the sar. So I think it's kind of like an ongoing discussion, but if I think we did this earlier, but if we wanna- I don't know if we need to take a vote or just discuss you know, is there merit to further investigation on at least those two streets on at least 16th street 30th street to look into it further and for now we don't really spend a whole lot of time on 26th street. I think I would support that. I think we should buy for kate the streets, in other words, have a vote for 30th street and a vote for 16th. If we're voting. Okay, I have to do my voting, I'm fine with 30th street. I oppose 16th street. I think we should try to stick the 197 plan from whatever 15 years ago. Didn't specifically mention making making 16th street a green space, they could preserve the street, but you know if we're doing a green space there generally under the overall plan and the street was demapped at that time. It still is, I think, it's probably better, to put it to make the whole thing green. You know if people want to walk to the to the water from there, they could do that, but I don't favor. You know I don't favor making the remapping the street I'd like to see the whole thing green right and by this discussion I just mean. Is it worth further discussion, not necessarily voting for remapping each of those? It's just about more investigation on both, and I think it's worth some further. So do we need to take an actual or are we okay? If you think overall, I think we could just proceed on those two streets if it indicates so in the minutes agreed that we'd be and again not to necessarily remap jim, but just to do further investigation. As to you know, what would be keep the conversation going, because these things are evolving agreed and see where we end up, especially if yeah okay well, did you get any sense of delayed timing? I looked at the presentation from land use, but I wasn't able to make it to the meeting. Did they talk about when yeah I mean it's a very long presentation. You know it it's. I don't even know how many pages, but you know, there's hundreds of pages of content related to what's going on with it. I don't, I think, they're you know they're resuming, I don't think, there's gonna there will be major delays in the phasing I think they're in the about to be in the bidding process. Now, and you know it's happening so so is it a story? The the eastside coastal resiliency is basically on schedule. The funding is there and they all start with astor levy park. That's what it looked like: okay, yeah, okay, so funding is there they're gonna proceed they're, probably gonna try to do as much as they possibly can. Yes, thank you cody. I looked at this too. So I think what we should do really is connect these conversations with the land use committee on the streets and what's happening there and whether there's any use for our group, our working group to further investigate it. Okay, let's keep it visible. Okay. On the other issue, I think we should continue the conversation on those two streets, because everyone needs to know what other people may think like. This is the first time I'm clearly hearing jim's proposal, so I think the conversation should continue. Thanks claude, I agree- and I think you know when I was reading through everybody's comments. I was thinking you know it's funny, because some people are saying yay and some people are saying, nay, but I think in the end the results that we all are hoping for are similar. You know it's about green space. It's about access! It's about you know. Better public use of 26th street is off the table. Correct right, I think 26th street. For now I mean we don't have to officially kill it or anything, but I don't see a huge advantage unless you know it didn't. Look like anyone brought up anything in the earlier outreach, so if not I'm gonna say that it's off the table for now, and really that's that's the bulk of it. I don't know I would like to hopefully before our next meeting. You know if anybody else has time to peruse our 197a. You know original. We can go through and see if there's anything else we want to resurrect while we're working on you know focusing on msbi and everything else, but for now I think those are our main items of focus. Okay, all right things are gonna get things are gonna get louder in my place shortly too. So I think I don't have I'm gonna wave my chairs report and ask if there's any old or new business, and you can raise your hand. If oh is there something in there? I don't remember, oh just to be. I just want to clarify you want us to hold off then on distributing the outreach to I had the I had the school down on 15th street. You want us to hold off on that until the website and everything is reviewed, correct. Why don't? We just give it the week the one week review period and the you know preparing of the pdf and then I think, starting you know as soon as that's done. I think we can start outreach at least on an individual level. You know it's not going to be huge and then okay and you've got that letter. I drafted up a while back for outreach to the yeah and I think I wrote yeah. I think I responded to jim that at this point we were going to wait and see what was going on with that, and I think it is maybe something that we get the health and education committee involved in as well, since it was regarding yeah. That was, and I think we need to also clarify, because I skimmed over the latest edition or the latest version of the consultants report, and I think that they were still saying community districts, 2, 3 and 6.. I thought we'd clean that up, but I'll double check yeah. Maybe not I don't remember. We definitely called that out went back to them and I think that had been changed but jim. I will check as well, because we need to declare it. We do need to clarify that for any of the electeds right all right. That's me! That's me, I don't see any hands. Okay, create a motion to adjourn. Yes! Is that you? Well? Yes, okay! So if there's no objections, we'll appear in the meeting and seeing no further business, the meeting is adjourned at 7 39 pm. They.