What we've done in the past couple of hours with the doodle and the technology and so forth, so So, basically part of the discussions for what would be kind of like our first ever virtual vote as a board, and I think it's a great way to test it in terms of, or just have that experience in terms of our budget.
And I do think that some of the committee recommend rankings are still pending, but I'm sure benezer will get to that in his report, but basically we're going to compile it all onto surveymonkey, Two, very distinct, Links, one for capital, one for expense and through that folks.
The Pdf document that we've traditionally used in person as just a way to visually, see, for example , that, like small business or licensing or whichever committee ranked it in this order and because in surveymonkey it'll just be all items and people will be able to just kind of rank.
Monkey makes this process so much easier, because you know I can't imagine what the board office staff have had to tally for 50 plus people.
I think distinctions right is because in having a hybrid is that normally when we voted in or when we ranked excuse me in person, we submitted it that same evening, right But this time, around, considering that we wanna give both pools of people the same amount of time and this So, the budget hearing, for example, is Wednesday at 6:30.
The link will be sent to folks and because we need to compile, you know that other smaller pool the idea is to keep the survey monkey open for 48, hours, and so folks can actually this time around compared to in other years, have additional time to rank.
You know any further bigger questions that they want to ask the committee chairs or committee members they're able to do that as well, and that kind of keeps the time I would say equitable for all You know, keeps it really clean.
Too, is the fact that the deadline is October 31st, but we'll probably, and most likely have in time for the general meeting what the actual ranking is, if we do, keep it to 48 hours.
If you know some of the people feel more comfortable, just emailing their budget rankings, they can easily email it to ebenezer or They can just if they do not have the email access Yeah, that smaller pool of people who do not feel comfortable or can't access a survey monkey they can email it or even if they take a picture You mention a deadline for having this stuff in by yes.
The idea: is, I think, one of the main objectives, at least particularly for me- is that there's and for a lot of other members in the past, there's always been tons of confusion about the budget hearing, and so the agenda will be shared out tomorrow and the goal is to have each one of you know within your three-.
And, then I would also add if there was items that you've included as a result of Covid-19 or as a result of community groups that have come to your committee, meetings.
I think that adventists are sent out the report from Mbpo or no DCP rather saying you know the numbers and what some of the budget items were applied to so we're going to have a baseline, showing you know what we were from last year.
Cv 9 pointed out that not since Covid-19, but rather since last year, there's been an uptick in drug related crime and activity in that whole West, Harlem area, and you know, they're working with the police prisons to address it, You know we all know that activities like that do not respect community district, lines, and so.
We've been participating in some other events in 175Th and Broadway, 181St of Broadway Cedro and Juan Rosa, and all those executive directors of those organizations that we've been working with getting the ward out for the voting and as far as Community Board, let nine ten eleven and solve that's a tremendous idea, an initiative that we should start again putting back together.
I think there's a lot of information that people need to know.
I would suggest we get the information from the board of elections about early voting, because I think there's Confusion and people do not realize it's going to begin on the 24th and run for, I think, And it's going to be happening throughout our community.
At the June meeting June executive committee meeting I asked to for the document the licensing committee documents to be sent to me and Eli indicated that all community board members should get it so far.
I know you said at the June meeting So at the June meeting, I asked for the licensing committee, pre- meeting documents to be sent to me and Eli indicated that he wants all community board members to receive it.
You reframe the question: What information, specifically the pre meeting documents that being submitted to the licensing committee That, should not be an issue.
Well, you want, which month are you looking for going forward every month before the you know, when the licensing committee received those documents, I would think it will be convenient to just send it to everyone, but if not, then that can be sent, you know after the meeting, so whenever the office feel that it's the best time to send it to the community.
What I'm requesting is to get the public information, which is the packet that the licensing committee is receiving prior to their meeting, okay, good, so that's being established, but all right.
So, as ebenezer noted in September, I asked him to issue financial budget reports for those months, so we could do kind of a first quarter report to at the executive committee and move forward with that.
And, then you can guide him into what you need, and hopefully you can take that from there all right takes off, so you can at least try to like Offline talk, connect and just have that meeting in and so that we can have that report.
I need Juan's email as well, because he did not log into the committee meeting and I want to make sure.
Someone might want to reach out to her, because right now in December, youth in education is scheduled to meet after the executive committee and the day before the board meet the general meeting.
Well, I think we have the technology that oh yeah, pretty simple good, but as long as you do not know how to do it in advance, you can have one meeting and then go into what's called breakout rooms They have this shared agenda item together as one meeting then, when they're done discussing that you go into breakout rooms and the person who's, the host can send people who are on Tnt into that breakout, room and zoom does not give zoom , I do not know, ask the public attendees to like.
The parks and Cultural Affairs Committee has like I, do not know more capital items than all the other committees combined, because we have so many parks, so that part of the meeting was very long.
At the beginning of the meeting, we did have about a 45-minute presentation and Q&A with the the head of parks enforcement patrol, and that was really useful and very informative both for us and also for him to be able to hear directly from the community about some of the enforcement issues in parks On a regular basis and to just having a more open communication between the committee and the board and his agency.
If anyone, you know made much of it, but if we're going to focus on Bennett Park, what about Fort trying, so that was that was something that somebody had raised quite a while ago and a lot of people kind of Then there was a second iteration of discussion about it, where it was taken a little bit more seriously.
This consideration is going to go on beyond November for sure right, That's why I actually did not feel too bad about not being able to have a robust conversation about it in October.
I feel like we're going to be in a better position to have a meaningful conversation when we have the Parks Department's recommendations and people can respond to that, because it was my assumption and I'm glad to know that I was right that the parks Department would be Parks Department's announcement was going to be the beginning of a public conversation, not fair, complete.
I believe the President's office and city planning were going to speak to the appropriate people in city parks directly to get clarification on that, because you know, as I said.
I think Natalie is also on the call Natalie and I Tim Anderson from our office and other people from the Riverside drive area were on a call right before this meeting and it was brought up.
The request was made, as we had discussed at the land Use Committee a couple of months, ago, that the board itself sent its own letter to the department of buildings indicating that we're concerned about the 857 Riverside development, the demolition of the existing building, the construction of a 13-story building on the site, and I think we said that we were that we were going to pursue that.
One of the one of the issues has been that you know with trying to get seniors to log into the zoom meetings, and things is that they do not have connectivity and we want.
We talked about the importance of mental health issues, but referred that over to Steve, Simon and hopefully he's going to follow through and include the seniors under that item, I heard that he did all right Then we talked about the issues that had been discussed about our resolution to give priority to the frail, seniors and disabled and the long lines that happen at businesses in the area.
So I think we're going to work towards that And I'm, hoping I, asked paola to be sure that she sent out the resolution to the electeds , I'm trying to actually see which businesses are actually allowing the disabled and the seniors to get them in front of the line.
We had a community member who has been circulating with various offices in D.O.T. A proposal for Riverside, drive, and I want people to try to picture this.
The other thing is that this short strip we've been getting a lot of reports of issues also coming east, as people exit the highway they're still at highway speeds and there have been accidents and like repeated well, this is property.
As long as we can say, you know, by November 30th by October, whatever weekly meetings on the old facebook page, that it will be shut, down, please, like our new ones.
I, think we can really Rob have a robust following and eventually people who do find us on Facebook will only find one and not two Know, broedcasting the meetings, but there's history there that I do not want to get into because really necessary.