Thank you for sharing that we look forward to getting the vacancy notices so that people can check their education and past work.
History meets your requirements, so I wanted to know from our fellow board members who are watching the chat.
There's any questions or comments to any issues to please ask all panelists, or we also will try to monitor the hand, raise function on the list there on your participants, list.
Thank you for that little piece of housekeeping that I wanted to share in advance as I move over into my committee, Chair Role position.
Knowing that there's concerns by neighbors and the community at large, so I really do encourage our neighbors and sharing with others to either directly speak with the business before reporting to regulatory enforcement agencies.
The committee voted 10 in favor, with no abstentions or opposition to support this application in hopes that the full board supports its recommendation at this time.
Okay, no ques I do not giving just another five seconds to review to make sure everybody has a chance to unmute or make a type a question or to raise their hand.
I, want to remind everyone that the community board, AIDS, SLA and sidewalk Cafe committee, meets currently via Webex on the first mondays of the month, whereby we hear any application and renewals to liquor licenses within the boundaries of community board.
So, please join us and if you're looking for the dates and times, please contact the board office or check the website for details.
Up is a report of minutes from the land Use committee meeting, which I will ask the secretary Ms Nord Daniel, to read the resolution and recommendation just a moment.
16-7468 for 875 marks avenue in the Crown Heights North historic district, whereas Guy Cohn of cone architecture presented plans and photos describing the project and whereas two of the seven condominium owners at 875, St, Marks Avenue, implored the land Use Committee to understand the financial burden caused by the prior owners.
Apparently, no research has been done into historic preservation, requirements, related tax credits or grants, whereas damage done by the prior owner includes a placing a modern multi-unit mailbox in the front Airway, and whereas committee members voiced concerns regarding setting undesirable precedence by supporting supplications from owners requesting forgiveness for out of character.
Presented, Committee member Deborah Young moved the committee to withhold support for legalizing inappropriate work for the second by Sarah Laser and whereas 11 community members voted to withhold support for the project, that's presented, with.
None against no extensions, therefore, be it resolved that the committee withholds its support for the above described application certificate of appropriateness network in violation of Lpc's permit and recommends that the full board do the same okay.
I sent a letter along with some supporting documents yesterday to the community board, which supported the case that we had presented to the land Use committee that showed that the building owners, through no fault of their own, were the victims of the developer, Mr Boaz Gilad from Brooklyn capital.
We were somewhat taken aback by the reaction that the land Use Committee had towards the owners of the building, and so we felt that it was important that we would send some supporting documents that show very clearly that the owners had entered into an agreement with Boaz Gilad and that he broke the agreement and that Brooklyn capital went bankrupt and they tried to contact.
Why I wanted to express my concern that the community board, at least at the land use meeting, felt that they might be somehow at fault or complicit, and that I just wanted to reiterate and that's why I sent that documentation to Ms Tyus.
That's why I'd like to just make the point that they're trying to work with the community board.
So I just wanted to try and appeal to the committee and say that we're willing to work with you, but we also would like to sort of set up a dialogue and see if there's things that we might be able to work with and keep and other things that would be easily corrected.
That's, coming up on the 17th and do some more work on what can be done to save the wonderful details on your building and come back to the land use committee in December or January.
So I want to hear from a couple members of the land, Use Committee or the full board.
What was on the table but as I thought about it from the land Use committee meeting and upon reviewing the documents that you submitted.
Clearly, I do not support legalizing the pro project, as presented so for me, I, would support if you would go back to the drawing board and come back to the land, Use Committee for further discussion and see where we might be able to meet.
Do, not think that the result of the land Use committee meeting should be taken as a as laying blame as defeat of the owners of the building approving proving retroactively.
And I tried to make it clear to the applicant and the owners during the land Use committee meeting that this section of the community district, the historic district over this part of cva, is still considered.
This, is to set up a sort of tug of war between the owners of the building and the land Use committee and I.
I think that the action that's being proposed is appropriate to give us time to review the documents, but just wanted to know if I had.
I, do not believe they were distributed to the land use committee, but I have to ask the Miss, George or Ms Neil to confirm that they were not.
We decide to support the applicant and looking at making changes to the project proposal, the applicant would have to agree to withdraw from the scheduled hearing that they currently have with Rpc. Those are avenues that you can take and at this point I have to ask I have to ask the committee the the board for a emotion on this side.
So we're I'm, asking now for a motion from a board member on the recommendation from the land Use Committee.
There was a document that was relevant to this evening's deliberations, that was not distributed to either the land, Use Committee or the full board.
I believe that the homeowners are willing to work with the Community board and postpone the landmarks.
We feel that it's important that everybody gets all the information that we sent out and that they're aware of the situation and also aware of what you know everybody is willing to do and try and bring the the building back to as much of a historical.
I'm prepared to dispose this and make a motion to send this back to committee for a review under the understanding that the applicant is withdrawing its or cancelling its hearing date at Lbc, okay, I.
So excuse, me, if I'm being disruptive, but how I think it's going to be important for not only us but for applicants to know what they need to come back to the table.
As far as helping this committee to support or look forward to working with it where everyone together.
Do, not think that we have enough, as far as like the needs of the community, to push you forward at this present moment.
I think we should we'll move on to the Parks Committee, and here we could not hear you speaking Miss Tyler.
So I want to go back to housing and land use and talk about the meeting on the 10th where we had HPD come in and talk about their plans for senior housing and quasi market rate housing at two sites near in the M Crown Zone 15,516, Burger, Street and 542 Dean Street, so I'm hoping I can get Ms Granville will come back and speak about that Ms Granville.
We want to make sure everyone knows that we support senior housing in our neighborhood, but without information and without good planning.
If they're planning for a bigger area, then I think they need to explain what that area is and how it's going to fit together, because in particular the Dean Street lot is right next to buildings in the Prospect Heights historic district that are zoned r6b if they were anyway.
We should be asking city planning to sit in on these meetings so that we can nail down what the zoning will be from what I'm hearing from the community members who've been coming to the land Use committee.
They should explain it, but I would like to propose that the community board formally requests Pcp and HPD to to share what the zoning boundary will be for this that's associated with this RFP, because it's it goes.
My motion is that the board request, HPD and DCP to disclose the zoning boundary that's being proposed for the HPD RFP second, and that was Sarah.
This is Hpd's meeting on November 18th, the RFP workshop design workshop for this RFP, but we have asked them to work with us on the wrap up and report back that they're advertising on their website for this project, and we asked them to get back to us on a date that is not our full board.
It would be after our full board, so I will have to ask Ms George to work with HPD to get that commitment firmed up and to get this request out to them for the definition of the zoning boundary.
Although, elected official, reps hello, everyone I just wanted to thank Miss everyone from Community Board, eight, who will allow me to speak.
We, did do an event and we wanted to thank Community Board.
Thank you all for coming and hope to see you at the land use meeting on December 3rd, we'll follow up and prior to that.