So we're now recording so hopefully alicia will join us momentarily. But in the meantime, why don't we do roll call for approval of the previous meeting? Okay alicia's? Not here, michael? Yes, elise, kaplan she's, not here either. Okay, eric diaz eric! I see you all right. All right keep the space bar to unmute yourself or click the microphone. I cannot meet you all right, I'll, come back here, herman hewitt, not here, aneesha, stephen, yes, maylie! Yes, jackie wong! Yes, sorry about that. Yes, okay, gotcha, eric linda jones, yes alex militano; yes, trevor, holland, yes, paul rangel, yes, lisa, kaplan, oh she's, connecting to audio lisa kaplan, you just made attendance, say yes to approve the minutes, lisa you're on mute! Sorry, my computer was on slo-mo. Yes, thank you all right. So moving on the first item on the agenda is to talk about the two bridges letter. So again I didn't talk to alicia about what this item was beforehand, but I'm assuming trevor since you sent out the first round that you have information on this. That you want to share. Is that correct, yeah, I'm going to simplify it? What it boils down to we're now in the third draft of the reasonable worst case scenario because of a timing issue, all the other co-applicants are ready to sign, basically the work that was done by the consultant, george james. However, since my news doesn't meet until the 21st is that correct, jackie or 23rd 25th? We can't sign the letter until well. We think it requires a vote, so we can't sign that letter before the meeting, so I'm asking I'd ask to bring it to exec, so we can get this letter signed, because all we're doing is advancing further advancing the resulting proposal. I don't think there's anything here that goes against what we started from in the beginning and all the comments were made or all the substantive con substance comments were made by george james, with the help of some of the co-applicant comments, but it was mostly the work of george james. I know everyone read all the memos and the documents, so I would put up michael, I would trevor, don't you think you should put up the letter instead of this yeah. That's a bit technical! The letter is the out the letter that we're preparing to send out and traffic. Can you explain to us? Why is the urgency here? I mean what makes it makes it so urgent right like if we go through land use, that would be 21st, and that means we also have to go through full board which would miss that line. So I can you explain to the committee right there's a couple of things: if we do not sign this letter, if we decide not to pursue it, it's over. It's done. That's the end of the rezoning proposal. It moves no further, and if that is the case, then we lose the other option which the community board would not be a part of, and that is to sue dcp. Based on the fact that we believe that the memo or the what we have submitted is complete city planning is saying it's not complete. We believe we believe it is complete. We're going to change a couple of technical things. Some mapping errors, some diagram errors and he cleaned up a lot of the massing diagrams. But if it's not done, then, essentially the everything comes to hold it's over and the deadline for filing that suit would be tomorrow. So lisa has her hand up lisa. Do you have a question or comment on this yeah? I did. Am I still on mute? No, I'm not right. Okay, sorry, I did read everything and I do have a number of concerns. I guess my bottom line concern is that I think that there are significant issues in this letter that the land use committee would want to talk about. I didn't think it was straightforward and I'm very worried, since our board has been held accountable of late about transparency of taking this out of the hands of the land use committee, without a clear understanding of why there's an urgency- and it seems to me from I- did- have an opportunity to talk to jackie a little bit about it, and he explained to me that the issue is with regard to the expiration of the article 78 correct that we're not going to be a part of anyway, and I'm not- and I don't see the relationship of this letter to the report that george james sent, which talks about two alternatives about whether or not we want to compromise or whether or not. We are standing directly about this project as originally submitted, and I think that's a question that our board would want to discuss. I thought he raised some interesting points and I feel like that should really go to land use for consideration. Normally, I would encourage the bottom line to me is, as I see this letter, there are only two signatories on it. One is cb3, and one is the attorney for all of the other co-applicants, so just have all of the other co-applicants sign it. I understand that, but if comfortable with it, they should, but I don't feel like I'm comfortable well, I understand your point lisa and we had a discussion on the phone about that all the co-applicants would, but if the community board did not sign, it would raise a red flag to city planning that they are not a part of the application. I hear you, but due to Covid-19 and due to the fact that the two purchase has not been on land use for four months, even though we're supposed to discuss this we're running into a bit of a deadline. His other scenario that is posed calls for changing the height and getting rid of the 50 of affordable housing, and that will be a very long discussion because we are straying far from what we originally started with, which basically comes from the chinatown working group plan and what the board voted on. We are not straying from what we originally voted on and what we originally asked to support. If we were to go down that second path, then we would stray, and that require a serious conversation because we're going far away from the whole issue of 50, affordable housing, 350 foot, height limits and that's what the board agreed to move forward. So what we're seeing right now is nothing different than what the board agreed to move forward. I hear what you are saying, but the other path is not what the board agreed to move forward. Let me just say that there are parts of this letter that I don't know that I ever agreed to like admitting that we like a tower in the park design for this neighborhood over a contextual building. That's quite the opposite of what we've said previously. This makes a lot of arguments that I am not comfortable with that's the foremost, and I really don't see the need for us to overstep our well-established and important transparency principle of having a vote on a major action such as this. I really think that if paula feels comfortable signing it polish, it signs lisa, let's stop right there, because you keep saying paula, that's just the way. The letter is structured, it is a co-applicant letter. Obviously it's not complete. It is in draft format. All the co-applicants would be signing it. It's not just paula. It would also be me as a co-applicant or the group I represent, so it's not just paula signing the letter. That's not what I saw. Okay, I'm informing you so that you know, because it is a draft letter. It's not the final letter. Originally jim was a signatory that has moved to alicia and there's still some other changes that are being made right now. It's not we're not asking to sign this letter at this moment, because it is a draft. It is a. It is a question of how we proceed with this, because if we don't and we decide we're not going to move this forward, then we have said that we're no longer going to support the two bridges rezoning. That is a problem. I don't see it all. Why we're saying that, so your issue is with the letter. Your issue is with the timing, your issues with the content of the letter, all of the above okay, then that's why we're here? That's I would have loved to bring to his course. We had four months to bring it to his course, but we hired george james at the at the last minute. We didn't have enough time covet came. I would love for this, go to language and have a discussion george's letter. Does george's memo doesn't address this later in any way. So I'm sorry, I don't see the relationship of george's 11 pages, which I read very thoroughly. He doesn't take an opinion on whether or not we should sign this letter. He doesn't george drafted the letter. George james drafted the letter lisa. Well, that's interesting. I didn't know that, but still I don't see what his memo has to do with it and his memo doesn't say: go for the plan as the plan is his memory. That's what that's what we voted to do lisa in the beginning, that's what we all voted for years ago. I understand if you're saying that we should think about that vote, that we have that the community board supported that's a whole different story, but we voted to support this rezoning and I am saying that, but every step of the way when we had to sign a letter, the land use committee reviewed it. I agree with you and if we didn't have Covid-19, we didn't have a pandemic, and then we had have the issue of not meeting about this, because the first two meetings we had for land use. We weren't going to discuss anything unless it needed a vote or it was a land use issue. We did not discuss this at all. We probably should have discussed this back in march or april. We did not. I want to sorry to interject. So, regarding the reason we didn't talk about two bridges in april or may it wasn't just because of the covet. We, the dcp response, the negative dcp response came out on march 16 and we met with. We mean susan mee, jim and the co-applicants met at the cb3 office on march 19th. We decided that it was a lot to take, so we would regroup in june and also because of the covet was coming so we'll regroup in june to talk about what do we want to move forward and during those three months we would digest the materials, because that was a lot and we in on june 9, we were told by the co-applicants that they wanted to pursue the lawsuit, and so the concern here I have with this letter is that if you look at the days, so if tomorrow is the deadline, you can file article 78 and you are sending this letter out to dcp. So do you expect them to respond within a day and saying I mean what do you expect them to do? No you're conflating a couple of different things: jackie we're not gonna file tomorrow, but let's say a month from now lisa's argument that this letter somehow strays from our original support of the two bridges rezoning. Then we're done there's nothing else we can do the rezoning proposal is done. We can't sue, we can't say: city planning was wrong, but if we know we're going to sign a letter or something similar to this, then we still preserve that. Because then we file the letter and we basically reset the countdown clock for an article 78 because we're not treating that as a final determination if we do not respond we're treating dcp's last letter as a final determination. Well, if you go ahead jack, sorry mike no, you go ahead, michael, I was just going to say I think at least for me. I think there's some confusion as to why this came to exact, because there's not enough time, because then you keep saying well. No, there is time we don't defile tomorrow. So I guess, if you just kind of jump, it's not you've got a timeline for me. It's not so much of us signing this letter today or tomorrow, or even 15 days from now. The issue is: if we decide we do not sign this letter or we do not support this letter. Then, essentially the cl our the resulting proposal is finished. It's done, there's nothing else. We can do because we said we're not going to pursue this and we can't we we've lost our right to sue, because tomorrow is the deadline, so we could if this goes to land use and if we at the end of the month, it goes online news and it goes to full board and there's discussion about it and it's voted down or no or lisa has raised us some concern and says it's disgrace from our original support. Then the application cannot move forward at all and we don't have any right to sue. We can't do anything else, we're done to lisa's point the lawsuit matters and it shouldn't matter to cb3, because cb3 would not be a part of that. That's also another issue, because we're now saying that cb3 no longer supports this as a co-applicant, because they would be done. That's where I have a big problem, especially in the beginning of this. When I asked and we got the support of the full community board- and I know some members were uncomfortable. I remember everything everyone said about that and, as I know, some members were hesitant about it and some members growing up the whole each village issue, but the board voted to support this via resulting application and that's where we are today if there are two paths but we're not going down that second path, at least not right. Now, that would take a very long discussion in land use and the reason why we move this forward is because we're following the original principles of the chinatown working group for this particular area and anything that's negotiated, will have to come about later on in long discussions and land use, we're not changing anything. We're saying we're going to respond to what city planning says we're going to fix the memo on george ain't, just providing some comments. He's also drafted this letter and we're not going any further than that at that this point I don't know if I cleared up the deadline, michael I'd probably put a lot of stuff in there but yeah. I know I'm still confused, so I mean it sounds like it sounds like what you're asking for tonight is basically confirmation that the board still supports the rezoning, but then potentially it can still be discussed at land use. Is that right? It can be discussed. At least I'm raising the issue that if god finished the issue, that if we do not support this or the letter or the, then we were it's not so much as a co-advocate lisa suggested that the other three co-applicants just signed, but that wasn't what we voted upon. We voted for community board three to be a co-applicant. It's not just a decision for one person to say: okay. I don't think that cb3 should sign on as a co-applicant cb3 voted to silence the co-applicant years ago. Okay, so susan, do you have anything to add before we go to lisa? I was just saying. Procedurally, I don't want to be involved in substance, but just procedurally you mentioned it could still be discussed at land use, but not this month. It would have to be on the agenda for next month. Okay- and I don't think we do- we still have the lent two bridges on the agenda like we've had for every month or was taken off. I didn't even check, so I was well jackie should speak. I was told to put it on for august right. Well, see I don't know if a executive committee members recall last exact or the exact before the last one I mentioned at the committee report that we had a brief conversation with the co-applicants that we're gonna do a presentation in the august land news meeting and that had been has been my plan. If still fears about, and then I feel like. If we want to support, I mean the to resubmit the whole application to dcp the the worst case scenarios. I don't reasonable worst case scenario, doesn't really note that line, so I would prefer to have it presented to the to the land use committee first and I'm pretty sure the committee members would want to know because they spend a lot of time in the last two years on this project as well. I mean that is just my preference. No, I understand your preference and I'm raising it as an issue because of the deadline and that's why I wanted to bring it to exact, because now we're not looking at reviewing anything about two bridges until august. I think the last time we discussed anything about two british might have been february. Right. Yes, and there are things that have happened and we haven't been able to discuss the vote and that's the reason why I wanted to bring it to exact. I hear the concerns about being transparent because there's been some issues in you know about cb3's transparency, but here we are talking about august and this thing is moving it's you know things have to be done and I understand with cb3 being a co-applicant, there's the you got to go to the committee, then you got to go to full board, but there are timing issues that we're running into, and this is one of them. Okay, if that's the I'm not even going to go on unless people have comments, if that's the consensus, then that's fine, but I really take some concern about about the context of the letter which was written by george james and the fact that we people- I don't know people forgetting what we originally supported, but I think that needs to be explained jackie, because what I'm hearing right now is people forgetting what the board supported. The second option is not an option at this time in terms of lowering heights and decreasing the amount of affordability, because that's not what the board voted on. Neither is the board leaving as a co-applicant and the other persons or apollo signing it as co-applicants, because that's not we what we voted on to do, and I take grave issue with that and I'll raise that in land use, because that is not what we the plan that we originally signed on to or originally voted for. Okay, so can we, let's just move on there's two hands up. So let's hear what those questions comments are before we move forward: lisa go ahead, yeah I just I want to see if I'm clear on this. My understanding is that there may be a timeline for an article 78. I don't know, I don't I believe trevor when he says that's immediate got it, but I don't believe that means that if we don't take an action today, then we have essentially given up on or become or that the this proposal is dead. All that means is that we may have lost the opportunity to sue, but we cannot pardon me. I'm sorry lisa finish, please let me without interruption. We may have lost the opportunity to sue in an article 78 which we can't do anyway, but that the co-applicant could do your point jackie. I understand that, but it does not mean that the application is done. The city planning's position is that it's they're still considering it right and that we can use our political and every other methodology we can think of to continue to work with them to get them to honor this, including what george james mentioned in his letter, which was calling on carl weisbord's position that they have to move ahead on a project even if they have substantive differences. That is our position and we should continue with that position. I don't believe that our project is dead. If we don't have an article 78, okay may so I mean I do remember the board. You know saying that we would get involved in this project and you know be a co-applicant, but in terms of the letter itself, I don't really understand it well enough to say you know about you know. If there is a clear I mean it's in response to something. You know whether the responses are good or bad. I really can't judge on that right now, but I just wanted to clarify so the letter needs to be sent out tomorrow because of no. It doesn't need to be sent off tomorrow. Oh, when does it need to be sent out? It doesn't need to be there isn't technically a deadline for the letter be sent out other than the fact that it needs to be timely and we are way beyond tommy at this time. I think what's missing and listening to lisa, and your initial comments is the letter that city planning sent out saying. Basically, your application is can't move forward and that's a summary of what city planning said. I don't know if michael can pull it up real quick, but it basically said your application is not complete. You can't move forward, that's the first thing I shared oh or no. I don't think so. I don't have it well, I'm just giving you. The summary is that it was two paragraphs that there's nothing much more than others saying. So there is an argument based on what we believe city planning should do, and that is that their position is to move applications along as long as they're complete, as opposed to giving an opinion on before they actually vote on it. But that would have to be honestly an article 78 argument, as opposed to in a memo like we're about in a letter like this, the one that's shown on the screen two different issues, so there is there is something visited city planning that basically says that this article, this rezoning proposal is not, is incomplete and cannot move forward, and this is the response to that. So I think that again that that's what's causing the confusion, at least for me, is that you said the letter doesn't need to go tomorrow. So when does the letter need to go and if it doesn't need to go tomorrow? Why can't this letter go to land use in august, although obviously it would be preferable to go in july, but we can't do that because the agenda's already set, I mean basically, is all it's all you're looking for tonight or is all the co-applicants looking for tonight is just is assurance that cb3 is still behind this project. I guess that's probably I mean I would like to get support for the letter. I'm seeing some hesitation on that. Ideally, the it would be nice to have it signed, but, to be honest, it's still in draft form and there's still at least two edits to be made. So I don't think that could be done. I'm just raising the issue because we're not going to meet until august and even if the land use does decide, it's still got to go to full board. So we're really looking at almost a september letter and we're not being timely on this because just the way of the cove, but also just because of the way cb3 works, which is that we understood that coming into this with cb3 as an application. That's why I'm bringing this up and the timing issue, so I mean I haven't heard anyone say that they're not supportive of the project anymore, so I think it's safe to assume that the board still is supportive. If I'm incorrect somebody raised their hand or interject and stop me on that. I would, I would say again, I'm completely unprepared, because I wasn't prepared to chair tonight, but I would suggest that maybe if the letter is going to be redrafted anyway or edited well miner, can we maybe insert a paragraph into here that says something about the fact that you know that, due to the you know, due to pandemic and timelines and whatnot, and that the land use committee of the community board wasn't able to fully discuss these things. But the community board's executive committee is still in support or something like that to a certain extent, but that doesn't necessarily stop or absolve us of certain deadlines. But I hear he's saying I'm not trying to stay on this too long. My point about this letter and raising it is just to bring it up because I don't know any other way for us to do this, and waiting to august is really gonna. I don't really remember what we discussed in the co-applicant meeting about how you know waiting till august or essentially the september, but I know it wasn't the best scenario. So we can't move on this at all and we've already paid george james until essentially a september he's already paid yeah. That's what I said he's already paid, but we're sitting on this. We can't do anything we can't move. I imagine that there's some sort of response that is needed. I should have clarified that with the team, but I don't remember what it was, but I imagine a certain there's certain responses needed because I remember saying it needed to be done in a couple weeks and I don't know any other way to move this, because this is seven eight months in and we haven't been able to do anything about it so right now, that's why I suggested bring it to exec okay, so for right now the board is not the only thing holding this up, because there are still other minor edits being made yeah, but that those are minor that would not those edits could be done tonight. You know they're not major edits, it's like well, you need to change it to page four or page three or add this map there major edits, and even if the edits are made in two days, there's nothing. We can do yeah, because if it's got to go to land use, then we're sitting we're talking about august. So there's no other procedure. The reason why I said exact because there's nothing else that would allow us to discuss this and bring it up before the end of august yeah, but okay. So I'm trying to I'm trying to come up with. You know a happy medium here. So you know if we are able to add some language into this letter. That sort of you know provides a disclaimer as to why lan youth wasn't able to talk about it and it came to exec or whatever does that? Does that satisfy those who've already spoken about their concerns for us signing this letter and you're saying we not, we do not sign it. No. What I'm saying is we don't sign it now, but we ask for you know, while they're, while they're making edits to it. We ask them to put some more language in there that sort of talks. You know a paragraph that talks more about the community boards is, you know the fact that the community board hasn't really had a full amount of time to send this to committee, given the way that we work and given the pandemic, but that we are still in support of the project moving forward and that potentially those edits can be made relatively soon and that maybe we can revisit this letter at our second exec meeting in two weeks, but then, unless the community board signs it, what difference would that make because then it becomes a letter with three other, the three other co-applicants. Are there two other co-op? What difference would it make if we put that in there? If the community board's not signing it? If the community board did sign it, then it would make you know, hold some weight. That's what we're asking if we put that in there saying that we are that we're still in support of it and that we're signing the letter, even though we weren't able to discuss that committee. That's what I mean. That was the question I was posing to lisa and to matt, but I don't I'm can I can I interject a little bit so I feel, like the whole letter, should be reviewed by the land use committee. I will preserve it that way and number two. We only received this letter. Actually, this letter was brought to cb3 only on june 24. So and we've been working trying to see what can we do for this letter, but after giving it some thoughts, I do have a little bit of hesitation. I preferred it to be reviewed by the land use committee, but it's up to the exact design. Okay, susan, I saw your hand up. Did you want to say something yeah again, just procedurally the changes you're suggesting I don't understand what they accomplished, because they don't mean anything one way or another to an agency. So I'm I just don't. You know I understand kind of makes everyone feel better, but I don't know what they mean all right, lisa. I yeah. I don't feel comfortable signing this letter without it going to land you, as may said, it's complicated, it's something that language has the expertise to review and I feel like that's where it should go. If we want a general letter that says community board 3 continues to support the project. Without all of this detail, we could do a letter like that. Nothing has changed about over. Our opinion, see our support for this. I don't see why alicia couldn't write that that's what we need. Okay, let me let me back up some because I'm a little confused lisa the bullet points on the first page. That's basically just there's nothing in there that the cv3 feels uncomfortable with. Are you good? I don't want to go through this point by point. At this point, I don't think that's productive. No, I understand I'm looking at what I'm trying to understand what you're saying about, if community board, if there was a simple letter, not something like this just attached to the to the memo itself, that would be fine, I'm saying not with bullet points. Just saying community board three continues to support the application, for you know for the rwc, dcs or whatever you want to refer to it and that we have taken no position to otherwise change because of this, our support for this project as one of the co-applicants. No, I understand that, but then how do you send in the third draft? If you don't have a cover letter for it, you're saying that should be the cover letter for it? No I'm saying we don't sign this, but if you're saying all we need is an indication of our support, we send that procedure-wise and I hear what you're saying, but you know this letter is attached to the actual draft of the rwcds which michael had on the screen. First letter is attached, so if we so if we just set the rwcds without a cover letter essentially or saying we support this, then you're saying you wouldn't have an issue because you're talking about things in a letter- and you don't want to go point by point- I understand it and we're 709 in on this one little topic. I understand what you're saying, but I guess I'm not saying that we support the. I haven't seen that letter that you're that we got from dcp, I'm not talking about the letter. I'm actually do you understand what happened here. We are submitting the third draft all right, so I just want to put a stop to the back and forth between you and lisa, because it's turning into a private meeting, let's and alicia's joined us now, and I think she has more information on this than I ever did so. Let's have alicia talk and linda has her hand up also so alicia yeah hi good evening. Everyone and I apologize for the delay, I'm not in new york just having some technical difficulties, but anyway, so we're talking about the letter now for the rezoning right. Yes, okay, so what has been said already? Everyone got a copy of what the letter looks like, and so the issue was sending the letter with our support on the letter was making sure that we were able to attach some type of supportive letter to go with it. Am I right trevor? Well, we spent a half an hour discussing it, but yeah. I think everyone is kind of up to speed on that. Well, so the debate I apologize because I didn't get a chance to really listen in on the last part of the debate between. I know, lisa was the last one speaking. So what was the concern trevor? The main concern was what the concern is raised by lisa may and others that this should go to land use, because it is complicated and it requires a full review. What I, what I, where we are right now, is, if there's a compromise, cover letter that can go with the rwcds, so I was asking lisa and I wasn't trying not to make it private, but I was asking lisa if that memo is attack. Is she talking about the actual letter or she talking about the memo itself and I'm still not a member the memo and the letter are two separate things right. The memory was right. Okay, so the thing is the letter would be us supporting the memo. Yes, it would be, but it's a cover letter and then highlights certain things it says here is the memo here are the changes that we made okay, and so the controversy around. This is saying that we don't need to send a supportive letter. The memo should speak for itself. No, the controversy is that there's a lot of things in this letter that people don't feel comfortable without discussing further. So are we saying that? Should we looking I looked at the letter, I do agree that some things that are in the letter should be discussed a little further and taken to like up at the committee meeting. Perhaps trevor I mean I don't know: why are we rushing to get it out? I'm not really sure. Is there some type of deadline? That's what I wasn't really sure about. Is there a deadline on the letter yeah and we got into that a bit. It isn't so much of a deadline, it's more dates that are passing and the fact that we, if we don't, we won't get this out to august, but I'm okay and I understand that where I'm at right now, because I think we can sort of close this pretty quickly is if it's not the memo itself and it's the letter itself, then what type of cover letter should go with the memo that the community board will feel comfortable because, typically, when you send in a memo you sort of highlight the changes, including the technical changes that you have made. If it's a two, if it has too much opinion, then that's another thing, but if we're going to send in the rwcd rwcds, but I think what it is trevor is that a lot of the conversation that has been generated was stuff that wasn't discussed at committee. I think that's what it is, and I agree with you alicia. I feel like even just sending out the memos that those mammals I'll prefer them to be presented to land use. First, the reason is because the two bridges has we have submitted the the resulting application twice and there was no real presentation to the committee. For a long time I mean we gave them a little update in before february. However, there was no- and this is substantial change. We spend money hired a consultant to create a two members and I've preferred these two memos being presented to the committee to let them understand, what's really going on and also take a look at this letter to see. If we want to support it or not trevor, here's my I'm going to pull it, I'm going to pull it and make this easy so jackie. The second memo that was written did we present that to lion, use the second memo you're talking about strategy or the or rw cds. No, we did not yeah, but it is I mean I was because we typically, we purposely asked george not to do substantial change. It was just technical change. However, I feel like even with the technical change. It would be good to update the committee that just no, I understand that I understand it back to committee. So can we just take a vote on it? So can we don't need to no alicia? We don't need to vote we're kind of at the end of this I was just there was some compromise presented. We don't it's going back to la news. I was raising it because we hadn't discussed it. We've already done a second memo which did not go to land use or get a discussion or a memo. There was no controversy about that released. The third memo it's going to be on the land use committee agenda for august in august, okay, I'll just take a different role here, because I've been sitting back and not going to sit back anymore. All right, linda did you want to still say anything. Well, I think everything's been said. Let me just say that I am supportive of what jackie and lisa are saying. I'm very concerned that land use has not discussed this and the community hasn't had a chance to see what we're up to that was also my point and why I decided to bring it to executives, because we haven't had any discussion about this since february. We've done a second draft without comment and we're approaching a third with deadline and now we're looking at august september. So I understand it. I just wanted to bring it up to say: hey look! I I'll just take another roll here, because I've been sitting back, but I'm not going to do that anymore. Okay trevor your role, you're and you when you say you're, sitting back in your role, are you saying your role as a community board member or your role, that is in the community itself, community itself? Okay, so you know there's a thin line when you represent yourself and you represent the community board right, I've done it both many times. I got about six hats. I know which one's aware which one's a take off. Okay, all right. Thank you trevor, all right, everyone! So now, what's the next item on the internet? Is the waiver from the moxie hotel? Okay, how do you? How do you want to handle it? Do you want you want me to mention how why I put it on the agenda. Do you want to talk? Can you can you give the background, please who said that? That's all right, let's move on I'm gonna everybody, but alicia, and susan okay. Thank you. So this request came to me about a week ago, which I forwarded to alicia and alex to put on the exec. We've talked about waivers before, due to the executive order and covet, and all that this seems I've pulled the 12 Manhattan boards. This seems to be the only waiver that has come forward so far, so waivers are needed only for private property and only when there is a stipulation by the community board prohibiting the action requested so so, and alex might want to speak more into this, but so our stipulation says the rooftop at moxie, hotel from 10th to 11th street can only be used with a glass enclosure which of course they cannot do right now because that's against covet regulations. So this is a waiver to temporarily waive that stipulation, I guess, would be till the end of september. We should talk about that and because everything's being done overnight, the sla has said they'll take a letter from the executive committee and that's all I have to say. Unless there's questions sure I guess I just need some clarification, so I looked at the information that they provided and what they said they were going to install was a rollover cover on a metal frame. The rollover cover could be rolled back. So, presumably, there's no issue with respect to the roof and these glass panels that are affixed to the metal frame. When I looked at what the structure is, it looks pretty fixed they're, going to remove their fixed structure or there's a way to take it down to have an open-air rooftop, so I'm not really sure about the structure part of it alex. But what I know is that it's a temporary order, because this is probably going to disappear in september anyway. I mean, I really don't see an issue with it. I know that we've given like at least two to three weeks to think about it, the it was it was given to susan a few weeks ago, and I know we saw last week- I sent it to you guys the day I got it a week a week ago, a week ago. Thank you susan for clarification a week, and I know that you know if we needed to make what it exactly is going to look like to be honest with you go ahead, susan. What did you say? I'm sorry, I was not trying to interrupt you. I thought I didn't know you were still talking. I was gonna say two things, one. The applicants are on the attendee list, so I don't know if you know just to let you know, and the other thing is that we're only asked what we're being asked to do is basically a one sentence thing, and that is to temporarily waive that one stipulation. So you know that's what we need to vote on. I don't see a problem with it, but alex what is it that you're concerned about? I just wanted to know how they were going to affect it. Actually, that's it. So if they're prepared to take a structure down and put a structure back up so that they can have the six hours a day, then that's fine, okay. So, as susan mentioned, the applicant is a list, I don't know who they are. But if you want to mute, please people mute. This is bad. I think it's their microphone linda, all right, so I've, muted everyone I'm going to unmute lisa, because you have a question. Yes, I wondered if alex remembered how close the nearest window was to an adjoining building. I actually reviewed the minutes. It's 15 feet. Can you say that again alex you broke up a little bit 15 feet? Let me and I'll double check it, because I have. I have 15 feet, but I'm going to get up. So maybe if we can let the applicants speak, they can say whether people are there at this time or not because their microphone something's going on with their mic susan. I need to know who the applicant is so I can understand I'm going to tell you the three people judy tepperberg mark and megan bobbers, okay and megan, so they all have the ability to unmute themselves now if one of them wants to unmute themselves and answer the question about the structure hi, this is megan with lightstone who's, the we own, the property. The structure is a is a glass and metal structure, but it does actually have the ability to stack back so it open. It can open up in the middle and the glass panels can stack back on either end. So we don't have to remove the whole thing. Thank you, megan alex. Do you have any other questions you want to ask them. While we have them, I saw two, I'm sorry, I'm trying to enlarge my screen and not working out with it very well. Sorry. So, yes, it is 15 feet from if from I think, the back windows of 85 4th avenue. So my only concern is with respect to that to the proximity to the windows and how that's been addressed. I saw that there were a couple of letters in support, but one was very vague and the other one seemed to come from the head of a building like look at that also so just that it was addressed with the residents, which is what we've always asked of them anyway. It's what we ask of every hotel is to have an ongoing dialogue with the residents who are going to be impacted, yeah sure and we'll we'll address any resident issues. We have the two sort of like senior operations, people, the hotel, general manager and the food and beverage general manager. We'll make sure you know their information is clearly posted. If anybody has any concerns, you know they can reach out to them directly. I appreciate that, but did you do it already yeah? I was going to say that I literally was about to say: okay, that's what I meant. I thought she misunderstood me. Thank you megan. Can you please make sure that those tenants of those buildings behind or wherever the structure is they're going to have it posted in their lobby where they can find you or find the person that's in charge of the noise, so that they're not disturbed at that time? Yeah. Absolutely we're happy to do that with the surrounding buildings, and how do we know that was done? How will we know that got done? We can send you a picture I can have leo. You know type something up and post it in the buildings. You know go, get something to the manager of the building and we'll take a picture and send it over to you. Oh great. I appreciate that. Thank you alex. Is that sufficient? Can I say: that's fine. I just wondered if they had a conversation, because they got some support letters if they had a conversation with the residents who would be most impacted at all before this happened. That's all I was asking quite honestly. We have we haven't. You know we, you know, there's no in-person thing, I don't think anybody's comfortable. Nor does anybody need it in person and I meant in any form no, but you know if you're, if the community board is supportive of it, you know we'll definitely open up conversations with. We have. You know good relationships with the surrounding buildings and we'll make sure we post a sign in the event that they need to contact anyone. Susan, thank you. So the conversation I had with mark starting a week ago was that you guys contact all the residents that you can surrounding the area and I did not forward this, but I got a list of like 15 people that you tried to contact but couldn't because they were away so that what megan's saying now sort of is not what I expected. Because could you talk about the conflict of mark telling me that you had, you know, tried all these people, but you weren't getting answers and because I know a lot of people are out of the city, my building's pretty much empty so, like the person is 15 feet away. Is that person even there? Have you tried contacting that person and is there a person there? Well, we don't know you know, and I don't have a full rent like a full list of everybody who lives in every apartment. We would typically send it to the management company of this of the neighboring buildings and they would, you know, distribute it to their tenants. The people we reached out to or the people who came to our initial meetings, who we had contact information for you know the building behind us at 85. East 10th has 120 apartments. I don't have contact details for everybody in that building. You know 85. Fourth avenue you know, so we reached out to the people who we had dialogue with before and then you know this is something that community is supportive of. We can, you know, make sure an email blast goes out and a sign goes up for all of the residents that may still be in those buildings. So what we're saying now, if I could just make sure I understand me, is you have reached out to every person that has shown interest and come to your meeting correct, okay, yeah. So what we're asking them to do is now post flyers in those lobbies, so that people that they might not have contact information for can be alerted to the scenario and send us photographs to the get done so alicia. I'm assuming we need to take a vote on this. Yes, we should. Okay. Can we say what we're voting on? Can I so we're gonna have to we're. Gonna have to send a letter, and what I would like to suggest is that it would be to- and this is just to give you something to work with. Cb3- approves the weight temporary waiver of the stipulation to have only enclosed dining on the rooftop during the executive order for outside for the executive order for Covid-19. Okay, michelle are you gonna? Do a roll call vote for this yeah? Are we okay with that statement? I'm okay with that statement. Is everyone in favor of that statement, so it's the executive order that you can't cannot have indoor dining right, correct that maybe you want to say the executive order prohibiting indoor dining, I think, because once they allow indoor dining, then they could put up the enclosure again right. That'll probably be around the end of september. May. Okay seems like a lot of people have opinions on this because people get a lot of crosstalk. So I think I think I heard lisa and alex lisa. Did you have a comment or a question? I just thought that our resolution should reiterate the hours and say from 5 p.m, to 10 p.m, tuesday, through thursday and 2 p.m, to 10 p.m, friday and sunday, I'm fine with dr michelle. You have this also, but it's the paragraph that's on the screen right now. Basically, that has the hours okay. I just agree with may that I think that it should be the quotient of the executive order or this executive order pertaining to the prohibition against indoor dynamics. In eating and drinking establishments, because there's always the possibility for dining, but there continue to be executive orders. So if we're not specific enough, it might be too vague for them. Does anyone know which executive order? It is the number you know that would be fine to just say against prohibiting indoor, dining, okay, jackie did you have anything you're unmuted? No, I don't thank you all right. So we're gonna move to roll call vote. Michelle. Can I just read back the sentence, so I make sure I have this cb3 approves a temporary waiver of the stipulation for the stipulation to only have enclosed dining on the rooftop during at the moxie hotel during the Covid-19 related executive order for pertaining to the prohibition on executive indoor dining, the operations at the moxie hotel would be from 5 pm, 10 p.m, tuesday, through thursday and 2 p.m, to 10 p.m, friday through sunday does that work? Yes, that sounds good yeah cool, all right, alicia, lewis, coleman, yes, michael mourinho, yes, lisa, kaplan, lisa, kaplan eric diaz; yes, michelle cooper smith, yes, herman hewitt! I don't think he's on okay, anisha, stephen, yes maylie! Yes, jackie wong, yes linda jones. Sorry, yes alex molitano! Yes trevor, holland, yes paul rangel! Yes, thank you all right! Thank you. Thank you very much for your consideration. We really do appreciate it all right, don't forget to get the pictures to us. Okay, absolutely! Well I'll, have them type something up and post it tomorrow and we'll send it over. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay! What's the next item on the agenda? Can I see the agenda, but your chair report first chairs report. Second, vice chair support, treasury support, okay, so good evening, everyone I apologize for my tardiness and I'm out of town right now, but it's okay. I I'm here. I made it so really quickly. I wanted to say we need to send a thank you letter out to margaret chin and to carlina rivera for giving us discretionary money. We didn't even think that we were going to get any money and we were able to get some money and so susan, if you'd like to tell them the exact amount of the money that we received. Susan, where's, susan, okay, I'm sorry I was talking on wallace muting. We got, I was surprised that we got the same, that we always get, which is was 4500 from carlina 35 from margaret, which I just want to add. Personally, I think, shows great respect for the community boards in this time, when there's very little money, we also got every community board in Manhattan also got a thousand dollars from ben suspect, then kayla's yeah, which is kind of a surprise to everybody, but that's what it is. So that's the information, thank you, susan, so yeah, so that was really awesome that we were able to receive that money and that helps that's going to help us quite a bit for the following year. We know that we've been hit with some major budget cuts, and so just be aware. September soon comes, and so we have to prepare for the budget and the budget meeting. So everyone please be look on the lookout. For that. The other thing I think I wanted to share with everyone just was. I think that the office is a little bit. The office is dealing with a lot right now and so everything that we can do to do our part really helps. I mean I know susan, doesn't really complain a lot about it, but I really have to say: they've really been working very hard, and I know everyone just please pull your weight if there's something that you need to know just let me know, maybe I can help you before. It goes to them easy remotely for all of us. I know it's been a hardship for everyone and I just want to be as supportive as I can for them. I normally get off work at three o'clock in the afternoon, so you guys are always open to call me after 3 p.m, and I know I have to get better at really connecting with people I'm just checking in with you and making sure if you need any support you let me know whatever that looks like you. Let me know what I can do to help you so that we don't overwhelm the office. I know that we have not stepped up and took responsibility for a lot of things and the office has been kind of filling in the blanks for us and like looking at the timeline, I mean that's something that we need to do like. What are we preparing for september in the timeline the summer is here august is coming. We normally don't work in august, but we might have to work this august. As you see, we have committee meetings that are going to take place in august, and this is the first time in a long time that we've had to do that, and so I want us just to be prepared for that in advance and looking at the timeline, I need someone to like, say: hey I'll, take over looking at the timeline every time we need to look at it to see if we're on point with anything or if we're. If we're not quite there like in september, we have to get ready for a nominating committee for november to start the new elections of executive officers. As you guys know, the elections will soon be right around the corner for all. For everything that we do so you know these are the type of things that we have to start looking at on our own. The office really does a lot of filling in the blanks where we don't step up and we are not being responsible as far as those things are concerned and like really looking at and I do apologize, I'm not blaming anyone at all. I'm just saying like it would be great if we all just took the responsibility and said: let's just look at this: what are we missing? What time of year? Is it? Okay? We know that every fall, we have to get ready for the election and we have to get ready for the budgets and we look for the you know the priorities you know. So these are the things. So that's all I really have to say. I really don't want to say too much about it and- and I and again I thank everyone for the hard work that they're doing I know covet still is not going anywhere we're still stuck inside for the most part. So thank you to the office and thank you to everyone. That's doing a really great job first vice chair report before we get to that trevor has his hand up. I believe, there's a question about your report from trevor. Yes, it actually goes back to susan and the budget issue I understand was there was a substantial amount of money left over and you were going to donate it to a cbl. Do you know who the cbo or who was it donated to? Nobody never happened. So did the money just expire, yep? Okay, all right! So nice peer report, yeah not much going on here. Just a couple of zoom related things. Now that most of you have taken over your meetings, freeing up my nights. Thank you very much. I just wanted to remind people because it seems that a couple of chairs have learned that you can stop the recording and then start it again before you know so that it's not catching the first five or ten minutes. If you just excuse my language bullshitting with your committee members before you start the business of the meeting, so just a reminder, don't stop the recording pause, the recording, because if you stop the recording zoom then starts a whole new recording every time you stop the recording. So there was one meeting this week that had six video files because they kept stopping and starting they're recording. So you just need to pause the recording and not stop it if you pause the recording it winds up between one file, so otherwise I think the only committees that I'm still dealing with are parks because I'm on it and this month, arts and culture is meeting for the first time so I'll be managing that meeting for them and it's good because next week I start a new job and I have an hour and a half. So it's gonna be harder for me to get to 6 30 meeting. Congratulations, michael yeah unemployment's been fun, but the vacation is over. That's it for me. I guess. That's me, michael I'm up as second vice chair. I guess I should just say that I think the trainings that I was asked to sort of coordinate went pretty well, and I really want to thank all of the committee chairs who participated the work they put into. It was great then, and I thought they were very useful and I believe after some minor editing, susan has seen that they're all of the presentations are posted now on the on the board's website. So that's pretty much it for me now I'll talk to enough bye. Thank you, lisa that they really were great. I really appreciate and all those that attended. I really appreciate you being able to attend those and they were very informative. Thank you everyone! So now we have. Mr hewitt. Are you online treasurer's report? I don't believe he's online. Let me check, but I did want to say that now that all the presentations are online also, I send a message out to all of the board with links to the presentations and links to the two videos from the trainings, because that would you know be good for people to watch in their spare time as they're sitting at home. Doing nothing yeah, that's awesome! I love it. Okay, district managers report, okay, first, just on to go back to the money we had 8 000 taken out of our budget this year for the program to eliminate the gap. So the council money was particularly important to replace that this year it's becoming replacement money as opposed to additional money. Alicia. You said that letters would be written to the two council members who's doing that michelle and eric can. Can we talk offline about that and we can generate a letter or we can generate the letter before we get off tonight and just generate a thank you letter, I'm happy to draft that, so we don't need to do it on a meeting right now. Okay, the same letter can be sent to both okay, so it's michelle. Thank you michelle. So as far as the trainings well, first of all, I want to go to what alicia said about me being busy, because I'm a little bit embarrassed. I didn't expect it and I'm a little embarrassed and I keep telling alicia I'm never going to complain about being too busy. Unless you stop talking about it. I wanted that to be a personal thing. So as far as people's help, I do appreciate help. I think it's most efficient with discrete things like writing letters and I'm already working very closely with the chairs, and I appreciate that I think the kinds of things alicia mentioned like watching the timeline which I shouldn't be doing anyway, is the kind of thing that you know I would like to not have to worry about. As so, I'm sorry, I just want to correct something so last month I was not at the meeting, but I watched a little bit of it, and I saw a report that I had submitted to the sla a blanket waiver letter with businesses supplied by the bid and nobody on the on the exact set. What is this about? How come we don't know about it, except for me- and I said I never heard of that- so that was clearly something said to someone that is a hundred percent false a hundred percent lie. I wish when people hear something like that, they would ask me about it, because I would never do something like that without going by the board first, and it was a total opposite of what I had originally suggested to the board when we thought we were dealing with the console exactly you know the council dining issues. What I had said is: let's do a letter, so we don't have to mention businesses. It was never a letter to mention businesses so that the concept and the idea of that has never been exist has never existed, except in someone's mind. Who has nothing to do with me. Susan say I don't know if I had anything to do with that. I did hear that somewhere. No, you were the one that reported, no, that I mentioned it yeah. You know. Yes, that's the only time I've ever heard of it. I've never heard of it at any other time yeah, but that was that was the issue anyway. I just want people to know two things, one. It didn't happen and two when you hear something like that, that's just crazy. Please ask me and the other. The only other thing I want to report on is the outdoor dining stuff. The good part, which is very small, is that the outdoor dining has greatly improved the crowd situation. The bad part is that the city is just so screwed up on this and it has become a burden on the community members and very much the community board to deal with all the not only deal with all the complaints, but also helping the businesses and I'll give you an example. We have one restaurant, that's very community based and he has a very nice outdoor setup and it was inspected by DOT. It was fine, it was inspected by DOT, it was fine, then dod did another inspection and they took around 100 DOB people to help them inspect, and the DOB person gave them a notice of violation and said it's wrong that I have the copy of the paper. It says you have 24 hours to fix this or you could get fined, but it doesn't say what's wrong and he kept saying. Please tell me what's wrong and they said go to the website and look how it should be. So I'm dealing with DOT on this issue. I think it needs to be changed globally, but this is the kind of thing that's going on. We have businesses that applied for new sidewalk cafes. The city is not processing these applications. They don't need them now, because there's free outdoor dining but they're not giving back the application fees which could be up to three thousand. So there's just so many things that I can't even begin to tell you. The state has department of motor vehicle people doing inspections for the state have no idea what they're doing and some of the good businesses that are complain. Complying are complaining about other businesses that are not complying and getting more business, so it is just a mess and it's every time I think we're turning a corner on this Covid-19 thing and we're gonna be able to do our work in a normal manner. Something changes as far as the trainings there's, I'm sorry, I'm going back to that, there's very little editing. That needs to be done, but it still needs to be done and it should be done in a week or so I'm assuming with all the work going on that it's not a rush that it can't wait for a week. But let me know if that's not true. Thank you. Thank you, susan. Anyone have any questions for susan, michael there's. No there's no hands up, but I did oh linda seems to be raising her hand. I'm taking the new way of raising my hand. Little blue thing doesn't work too well, so susan, I just greatly sympathize. I cannot tell you because I'm I hear a lot because of the block association. People have complaints, they call 3-1-1, apparently, nothing happens, then they're getting tired of calling 3-1-1, and I know they should keep calling 3-1-1, because that's how something eventually might happen when we're not burdening you with all this, because it's just too much, but it's still, you know, I remember from hearing some of this in department of transportation meeting last night too, that people getting kind of burned out on trying to be good community citizens and kind of help manage this situation. So this is what I'm telling people, and you know some things- are a burden but they're kind of a priority to deal with the problem. So a lot of these 3-1-1 complaints are dealing with global type complaints. It's not just this business is doing this. I find out things by the complaints. For instance, I found out some people had outdoor music setups, which is totally illegal at any time, and what was happening was d.o.t was going by and inspecting the street setups for safety and not looking at anything else. So the restaurant owners assumed everything else was fine, and so we were able, because of the complaints from the residents and finding out, what's going, we were able to kind of get at the root of the problem. What I've been asking people to do is to call 3-1-1 make the complaint, but then send it to me. Let me know- and let me know you know if it needs follow-up, because just knowing the kinds of things that are happening allows us to also deal with it on a larger level. I've also really been working very closely with carlena's office, who has interns going out and actually speaking to some of the owners to explain some of the non-compliance which has helped I'm getting called emails from residents. Saying that you know the music. You know particularly things like the outdoor music that that's gone. Some of the things are because of complaints. I have found that businesses who are allowed to use backyards but are not allowed to use a common residence hallway to get there. You know these are the kinds of problems, so we have to kind of educate the agency on how to inspect and what to look for. So I understand, and the other thing I want to tell you- is 311 complaints if they have to be very careful and say it's for reopening restaurants, because then it's no longer going to the agency it's going to the mayor's office of special operations, who is doling them out to the agencies, but tracking them differently. So I do want to know what's going on. I do want them to call 3-1, but I do want to know what's going on, because we're trying to deal with categories of complaints and be proactive, but thank you for letting me know that yeah, okay, so I'm going to say to them, go ahead and forward these to you. Yes, don't expect immediate action, you're gathering data for the whole community and you're gonna you're, looking to do more, like systemic action right exactly, okay, good! Thank you, susan. Okay, now we're moving on to sla alex, I haven't met, yet it's on the 20th, okay, nothing to report transportation. Good evening we met last night. It was pretty good avenue b came out for fdny. It was. It went a lot better than I expected it wasn't as contentious, as I think may was. It was pretty good. There was q, a from open restaurants. D.O.T was there. I think susan pretty much just covered everything. A lot of people were complaining. They issued complaints calling 3-1-1. I think they rehashed everything and we did distributes, and that was pretty good. Okay. Thank you paul appreciate that, okay, next, we have hold on a second. Let me get my screen economic development anisha we met earlier this month. Also. I think it was a good committee meeting. It really was. I really appreciate it. We worked on the district needs statement and there's no sort of material updates. Thank you, anisha health and human services yeah. So we had a meeting last week last thursday, we mainly well. We only worked on district needs. We had three speakers two, you know in three of the air sub areas within health and human services. It was a very long meeting, but we had, but there was a lot of good questions and answers this time. The committee members were a little bit more active in asking, I don't know they were just getting used to the zoom. You know atmosphere, but they were more active in asking questions and have volunteered to take on but well to. You know, write little parts, but we are going to be a little bit more proactive and when I say we I don't mean the committee members, but just you know just collecting all their stuff and then we'll put it together as opposed to the other way around where they put it together and sometimes takes a long time. Also. You know larissa again, she was the co-host and thomas rosa took minutes, and if it goes well with that and if they're interested I would like to ask you know, I don't have a vice chair anymore. So I think I might want to ask larissa to be the vice chair and thomas to be the secretary if things work out well and if they're interested I haven't, talked to them yet so we are meeting in august because we still have a ways to go with our district needs. Okay, thank you. May land use jackie, I'm sorry. I was trying to anneal nothing to report. Our next meeting is july. 21St. Thank you, jackie, linda landmarks. You guys met right. Excuse me. We did meet. Basically, our meeting was to refine our district needs statement. We've got made a lot of progress with that, but a couple things came up in the course of the meeting. One is susan. I need to spend some time with you on this. Probably the conditions that ps 64 charis, which are bad, and we would like to have a discussion about that in our august meeting and even to invite someone from the landmarks preservation commission to participate in the meeting and susan. We should talk about it because I know some of these are operational type issues, but it's not you're, just not getting it done. So we would like to talk about that in august. Be happy, be happy too. Okay and the other thing that came up was, you may recall. We talked about a couple of meetings back lesbi and others put an application into for the two parks buildings to have them declared eligible for the national register. They receive that eligibility and there's a there's some consideration about how we should proceed with that. If it was strictly a landmarks issue, we could just provide support with them to go forward to get them actually put on the register, but I think it's maybe more of a parks issue on trevor. We need to talk because the owner of the building has to agree before something can be put on the national register. It's not like city landmarks, where the owner does not have to agree. So that's something that maybe of clarks is meeting in august. They could talk about. Thank you linda. Thank you. Any questions for linda anyone linda. What's the timing on that? I don't think it has any strict time limit, except it's in the consider in the escr process. Right, okay and the owner. Would be the city then yeah, it's a city in which agency, I'm not sure, would it be parks? Would it be EDC, but you know we could talk about how to raise it. I mean we in landmarks can support what. If you choose to support this, we can support you, but I think it's basically got to come through parks because of the agency. That's involved. Okay, thank you, linda any other questions. Any other hands raised, michael, no, okay, thank you. We're going to move on to parks travel. We are meeting tomorrow, yep, which should be a very interesting meeting. I'm going to talk to michael, so we could put some guardrails on the meeting so that we don't stay to midnight, but it will have a full update on exer as well as the interim flood protection. Those are two different items on there, but also one of the note. The board did send out a letter to EDC in the city mayor's office requesting that they restart the coastal protection work in two bridges. We did get notification mixing up my days last week, susan this week yesterday, within the last five days within the last five days that they have agreed to restart the work. So it just shows you that sometimes those letters are very effective and end private conversations with EDC. Okay, private conversations were easy. Sometimes that helps too. Thank you trevor. Okay, any questions for trevor. Anyone no hands raised. Okay, thank you. We're moving on to task force and subcommittee, so NYCHA hasn't met. Arts and cultural hasn't met yet chinatown we're not it's on hiatus, so old business, any old business. Anyone have any old business. Any hands raised, no okay, so new business. I have some new business, so two things in new business, so first things. First, the borough Manhattan the chair, persons of all the comm of all the community boards we've been getting together and they've had conversation around doing something about systemic racism, and so the conversation at hand was addressed to me about how our boards have do. Our boards have diversity. In leadership, our executive board looks very diverse. We have such a very diverse executive board, as you can see like many of us are different faces, different places in our lives, social, economic and also cultural. But when you look at up and coming leadership and our board like this is a conversation that we should have like our secretaries, our vice chairs, who are we picking? Our board, is full of caucasian people, and I am saying this not just because I'm african-american, but just to be aware of cultural diversity and it's very difficult at times. I know that michael wanted to have a conversation around it as well about diversity and just looking within ourselves. Are we doing a good job of reaching out to people who could be the next leaders that we put in place? Who could be people that we can? You know kind of coach cultivate as they say and kind of raise them up as the next leadership? I know we we've gotten some new members and that's great, but we also have to continue to look within ourselves to look for not just picking just the person that just steps up also asking people hey. Are you interested? What is your goal like? I've been making random phone calls to random young people that have stepped up on our board, maybe within the past two years and I've been asking them? What is your goal? What is your next? Your? Where do you think you see yourselves in the next two years? Do you think you would be interested in being a leader? You know these are the conversations you can have amongst your committee members and start to generate. Don't just pick someone that, oh because they look like they know what they're doing so, I'm just going to choose you. Sometimes you have to ask people are not going to step up. As many of you know, many of you were asked. You were not people that came to the leadership and said hey. I would like to be considered, or I would like to be next in line someone looked at you and said: hmm. I think that person might be great in a leadership position and in doing that, we need to look not just at just the person. That's saying they'd like to do it, but also at the person that may be playing the background. There may be a person that you haven't considered on your committees that would be interested in serving. Like you see may said tonight. She was looking at larissa also looking at thomas rosa, that's really great in. I want to encourage all of you to look within your committees and look at diversifying your committee. If you see that there's not diversity going on, what can we do to fix it? I mean that's a conversation. I think we need to have, and I think that I applaud the other community boards for wanting to engage in a conversation around it, because we've not talked about it at all and community board three. Yes, we are very diverse. However, there is a lot of caucasian people that sit in positions on our board and we've not talked about that, and I and I, and I know that it's like kind of peeling off the band-aid a little bit for some people, but I think we should have a conversation around it and, if you're interested in giving me dialogue on it and how we can improve on it or whatever. Let me know because the other community boards are going to start to generate the conversation and they're forming a task force in which we've all been well. Not you all, but the leadership has been asked to sit on and be a part of the conversation as to what we can do to fix some of the racism that goes on even amongst our community boards. That's all I have to say thank you for new business. Anyone have anything to say any hands, there's no hands, although I mean I'm in full agreement. I think new blood is always good blood. So, but you said you had two things, and that was only one, I'm so sorry yeah. I think that was a part of it okay, but I just wanted to say that the community board might need to generate conversation around it, and I think that we should also generate conversation around it as well and sort of just to piggyback on that, but slightly change the subject because it might come up tomorrow, is the borough board meeting for the change. Yes, so I'll be attending on our behalf, as I usually do, and I believe there is a discussion on tomorrow's agenda about reopening of community board offices. Yes, I believe you're probably going to be on tomorrow. Yeah. Would you like me to mention something about that? Oh sure in the new business go ahead susan, so I have actually so they're. Actually I don't know why they're doing this but they're presenting at both borough board and borough service cabinet for some reason, so I had asked the staff members about a week ago how they felt about returning to the office and was surprised that everybody wants to be in the office. I did not expect that so two of us walk to the office, which is one situation. One person takes like a private transportation and one person takes a subway and, of course, there's always concern when someone's on the subway that they're exposed to a lot. We, I think I mentioned a while ago that we got this 29 page guideline on reopening I'm, certainly hoping and michael. If you want to mention this, that we get some kind of support by someone tearing this down and giving making something that's applicable to community boards, especially community boards, with storefronts that don't have cleaning services. You know office, cleaning, building, cleaning services, so we have new air conditioning filters with the highest grade. Hepa I had to buy a new vacuum cleaner with a hepa filter. We've had a cleaning person come in three times to kind of catch up and disinfect everything. So that's where we're at now, what we're looking at we've ordered sneeze guards for the front desk, but they're back ordered for another month, because everybody's ordering them so I don't want deidre to come in until those are installed on her front desk and what we're thinking of doing is maybe having two people a day for jim who comes into public transportation, come in non-rush hours, so it's emptier and do it such a way that we can do it so we can work together. It's been really difficult to one not be able to work together and we want to be able to have times where particularly ed, and I can work together and jim and I can work together. So we have no deadline for doing any of this. The borough president's office said they would try and help the Manhattan boards pick up PPE from the city warehouse in south village Queens. So that's where we stand it's you know, I think we're doing it kind of on a more informal basis and doing it as it is easy for us to do. Okay I'll, definitely bring those questions up tomorrow. In the conversation, thank you michael, and so I guess that's it. Unless anyone has anything else to say, do you have a motion to adjourn? Why don't I forget the procedure, so we need to do a roll call vote again. Oh yes, sorry, roll four vote, my bad okay, alicia, lewis, coleman, yes, michael moreno, lisa, kaplan, lisa, kaplan, you're on mute. All right, I'm gonna come back to lisa eric diaz. Yes, michelle cooper smith, yes, herman hewitt, not here, anisha, stephen, yes, maylie, yes, jackie wong, yes, linda jones, yes alex melitano; yes, trevor, holland, yes, paul rangel; yes, okay, I'm coming back to you lisa! Yes! Thank you! Thank you all yeah! Thank you all for another great executive meeting for the part that I was there for michael thank you for attending borah board tomorrow morning, I'll be in transit. Coming back to the city. No problem trevor call me tomorrow, we'll discuss parks, bye, guys have a good night. Okay thanks! I just realized that you were community board, michael.