Email you we need to open up the meeting anyway with roll call, so we can stop with that. Oh, yes, so go ahead and do that Michelle go ahead and take roll call vote role, call for vote in minutes. Okay, everyone! Yes, sorry! This opening had some technical difficulties getting on: okay, Alicia Louis Coleman, yes, Michael Moreno, yes, Lisa, Kaplan least I, see you Lisa. Yes, thank you! Eric Diaz, okay, I! Don't see! Okay, michelle Coopersmith! Yes, Herman Hewitt! You don't see her me. Anisha I, just moved her from attendee to panelist. Yeah I see her in participants, Anisha you're off mute, but we can't hear you there. Okay, all right! Are you yes or no on approval of the minutes? Yes, all right! Thank you! Mailee! Yes, Eric Oh Eric! Are you okay, Eric we're doing the roll call for the first vote? Yes, thank you. Linda Jones, yes, Alex millet on! Oh, yes, Thank, You, Trevor Holland, yes, Paul Rangel! Yes, thank you Anisha for your audio issues, just if you're on a computer click the arrow next to the microphone and make sure that there's a check mark next to whatever microphone or speaker device you're using you might not have connected the audio correctly. Okay, Michael does host disabled participant screen, sharing hmm hold on a second I'm. Just gonna make your co-host. Okay! Thank you Michelle! This is Jackie. Did you miss me? Oh I thought I called you. Oh I'm, sorry, oh you're, right, Jackie, Wong, sorry, that's okay, I got confused and Eric joined. Sorry! Okay! Are you? Yes all right? Thank you. Thank you. So much Michael, just in case I, have technical difficulties. I just wanna I'm, sending you a copy of Susan's report for you to post. Okay, where you start with your report anyway. So I can open that up. Well, you give your report. You want yeah I mean like I, really don't have much to report, except for the fact that Lisa Michael, myself and Susan we met to discuss the trainings and I think I'll. Let Lisa talk about that a little further during her report, but you know really quickly. I just want everyone to just be conscious of the fact that zoom is a lot I say it all the time. Zoom is a lot for a lot of people right. Some people not used to being on zoom all day long and when we zoom we get a tendency. Some people get what I'm calling zoom boldness. It's like what you won't normally say to people in their face, but you say it behind their back. I sent you all in email or you say it on Zoom and you won't say it in their face. I mean things like that. So I sent everyone, an email, I hope everyone received it. No one responded but I hope everyone received it and read it because, after the last executive meeting there was some feelings that were expressed and I won't say whom the feelings came from, but I will say that you know. A lot of conversation ensued after that last executive zoom meeting I really just want everyone to I'm themselves that we have to be paced with one another. If you know you're in a leadership position which all of you are in the leadership position, except for the people that are calling in, but you all in front of me- are executive officers and you are leaders of your community, so we have to be mindful of what we are representing and how we come across to one another and I get it. You know like there may be some things that you're very passionate about, and you have a situations where you know you feel like somebody could have handled something differently and that's all well and good. But I want you to keep in mind that everyone has a first time for everything and nobody knows anything right off from the gate running out. You know so I mean I'm still working progress, as many of you should know that you are all a work in progress as well. The new chairs that are on board, Paul and Anisha have been dealing with. You know some uncertainties like there are things that you know they. You know stuff that that's coming up for them. That may not, you know, necessarily be stuff that maybe they know right away or they know how to respond to things, but we should not bark at them or make them feel uncomfortable for things that maybe they're not comfortable with just yet we're all like I said a work in progress. We're not perfect it. Yet, although I like to say I'm beautifully and wonderfully made and I'm perfect, that's why I have only shirt tonight, I'm perfect, because I know that I'm perfect to change who I am anytime. That I can not that I am at all without flaw right! That's what I mean by that I'm not without flaw, and no one is so. We have to just learn to be a little bit more patient with one another and and remember that. Susan too, is also working progress, even though you know she's a little more seasoned than many of us and I. Don't you know, I don't take that for granted that we have her expertise on certain things, but none of us are experts on everything right. So, let's just learn to be a little bit more tolerant and patient with one another. That's all I need to say Michael! Thank you Michael. Your report sure so. First chairs report I did touch base with both Margit chin and Carlino Rivera's offices about co-sponsoring a town hall about workers rights, as we start returning to work, and they both seemed interested in that and Gigi Margaret's chief of staff is going to reach out to the agency to see if the Commissioner will sustain that again like they did for councilmember Levine once they have confirmation, we'll start working on dates. So hopefully we can do something soon around that, as we all know was announced this morning. We're going to face to you on Monday this morning was a borough board meeting and just a couple of things from that meeting. I was asked to ask the other chairs about elected official reports and how they're dealing with them and their online meetings and challenges they've been having, and a number of chairs did report that they've been seeing their meetings getting a little bit longer, as people are in the comfort of their home and whatnot. It was sort of an interesting array of responses as far as how people deal with electeds most seemed to limit it to two to five minutes for the electeds. There was one board that noted that when a representative is giving an update, they don't allow board members to ask questions. They only allow for members to ask questions if it's the actual elected who's, giving an update and not just their representative. One of the boards also said that they actually have a rotating schedule and they don't have all the electives present at every meeting. They have half a ten percent one meeting and then the other half present another meeting. So all things that we can consider as we move forward with trying to manage our online meetings- Alicia I, don't know, did you have a chance to reach out to all the electives prior to next? Not all of them. No I did reach out to Harvey actual Michael. Did anyone respond to say that they were going to come out on Tuesday did any requested? They you mean electives. We don't really know until like the day before the day of challenge. Ok, so I'm, just going to continue to reach out I, have reached out to Harvey's office I reached out to Carr Lena's office as fall to the reps. I didn't speak to the actual rep. You know the actual elected official and you lanes office. You know yeah, so I mean when I. You know when we're when I'm facilitating that segment again next week, I'll just you know, before every single elected starts there update I'll just remind them. We want you to keep a brief and we want you to keep it to the top three things going on that you need to report to us about. You know. I have to do that's what I have to do. That's what I have to do yeah, but I will also continue to reach out to their offices. Michael, don't I mean I, don't want you to feel like you're, in a compromising position that you have to say, like you know, yeah, that's really helpful, though, what the information that they share with you was very helpful. The other big news at a parole board this morning was that we were in that meeting as the member made the announcement about phase 2 and about outdoor dining. So we had a representative from do tea in the meeting. Who then gave a brief presentation about what the guidelines are and took various amounts of questions from the board chairs, as well as the community, and so just some things for people. You know if you want to research it on your own. The website is nyc.gov forward. Slash open restaurants. That website has all the information for restaurants on what they have to do. In order to apply to have outdoor dining they will. They have to self-certify. They meet all the requirements. There are some diagrams on that website that show how their tables can be set up and what they can't can and cannot do. As far as blocking pedestrian traffic, there has to be an 8-foot pathway for pedestrians, so obviously this is going to be an issue for a lot of restaurants. You don't have wide sidewalks in front of them, there's also diagrams and measurements for what it looks like to be in the street and parking spaces as well. They allow, as I mentioned the restaurants, just have to self certify that they meet the criteria. There's nobody's going to be going out to inspect or to double-check this they're going to be relying on heavily I. Believe the community to report things so they've set up a hotline as well, which is eight SBS for NYC. Is the hotline to report issues one of the other interesting things that I think will be an issue probably for some is that if the four restaurants that are setting up in the roadway in a parking space they're allowed to do so? Even if there is a bike lane between the parking space and the sidewalk, they are not allowed to use the bike. Lane they're only allowed to use the parking space on the other side of the bike lane, but that means that servers and customers and everybody are going to be going back and forth in the bike lane. So I can just imagine the issues that is going to bring up and that's pretty much it for me and I, see Michelle has her hand up so Michelle thanks for the update, Michael, that's really helpful. I just was wondering if they discussed anything about like existing, maybe Alex. If you know about this any like existing SLA parameters that are on no like on these places, are gonna have sort of. There was a there was a question, I believe from cb2 about the liquor license issue and the fact that, but what the DRT is saying is conflicting with what SLA is saying. Sla is saying that restaurants need waivers. Dat is saying that they don't so Susan was on the call as well, and she sort of corrected everybody about the waiver situation that they are asking for waivers and Susan proposed something. So the other thing I want to say about this is that dat they weren't. They were not really well prepared for this presentation today, because I think they were a little caught off guard, so they are going to be giving the presentation a more I, guess, thorough presentation again to the district managers cabinet meeting. Usually the chairs do not attend that, but we have been invited to attend that as well. So they've asked that all questions from community boards get vetted through the district managers so that they can send them ahead of time, so that D-O-T can be prepared to answer certain types of questions. So the SLA thing did come up and it was somewhat confusing. The other thing that this affects is that they're allowing this in all zones, not just commercial zones. So that was an issue for some other community boards who didn't want outdoor seating on side, streets and things like that. So I believe Alicia I, don't have the email in front of me, but what Susan have emailed you and I today, but what she was proposing was that we only allow the waivers for restaurants that are in commercial zones. Yeah, that's correct! So that probably doesn't answer your question. Michelle yeah well I mean it's an answer to you know what's going on, but when is that meeting the district manager's meeting to slowly? He got questions to Susan before I. You know, I, don't know, I think there might be an email in my inbox I'll just note it I'll just put a flag in the notes. Great thank you. Trevor I tried to catch as much as I can, but there are a couple things that didn't have clarity on if there's a line of restaurants- and they all want to have outdoor seating but they're very close together and some of them have small storefronts but big place. Big places behind that small storefront did I say anything about restaurants competing for space. Is there a limit to the amount they could put on? They are their borders. There's a border go from the door to door because I envision that all these restaurants, especially a straight Center load of restaurants, are gonna, compete for every inch of real estate because it's now extremely valuable. Oh that's on the street, but and I didn't see any clarity on I didn't examine the website, but I didn't see clarity on that. Their own restaurants are only allowed to use sidewalk space that measures the same as their frontage. So you know we all know there are some really tiny restaurants across our district and across the city. So there might be some restaurants who, for whom participating in this doesn't even make sense, because they're only gonna be able to put one table outside. They did say that if restaurants did have backyard space that they weren't currently using preceding that they would be able to use that as well Linda. So if they need an SLA wage or how did they get that it needs to come from as a letter from the community board. So initially, when the first email I saw about this from Susan, basically was saying that every single with that the community board was being asked to produce a letter for every single restaurant which would have made us have to do hundreds, if not thousands of letters, so Susan made some calls and worked it out where we can basically just send a blanket letter if we wanted to that, basically tells them the parameters that we're willing to waive the stipulations. So if a restaurant wishes to get such a waiver, they should email, Susan, I'm, not I, don't want to commit Susan to that yep I think we're doing it as a blanket. So thank you when Susan did a blanket. She asked the kid for help which is fine, but that are not in the bid that they're in the face block Association area and I kind of take it on myself to try to help them so I've kind of like to know that's a question to ask: Susan Michael yeah I mean Susan, who, unfortunately isn't on tonight's call. You know I would say you know for now. Yes, I mean they should feel free to email Susan for anything that they need. That's what the office is there for, but whether or not like I said I, don't think the plan is for us to do individual letters. The plan is for us to do some sort of blanket well I. Should they be happy to have their name put in the blanket email? It's just that they need to know how to get there. I appreciate that you included me in the discussion Michael, because those were the concerns. I had I'm glad that Susan worked out a way to address them, and that really was that the blanket when really didn't distinguish between commercial and residential zoning, which the mayor hadn't done it all. He references commercial corridors but I gather that is meaningless. It means wherever there's a business and doesn't necessarily relate to what the specific zoning is. So a waiver that standards we read that exempts like the places that are in the residential zoning areas, presumably will require closer. Does that then require us to look more closely at the business, for example, wants to extend in front or extend into the backyard because we're not giving the blanket waiver do you know I, don't know the answer to that question everything that's all right. I was just gonna say that I don't really know. I mean I kind of sound like the DRT right now, who didn't know answers to a lot of the questions today that she was being asked, but I don't really know the answer to that question. These are all the things that I was thinking about when you know, when I understood what the issue was I think we should generate a list of questions so that we can all get back to everyone and via email after this meeting is over. How about that yeah? Like I said: I will email everybody about when the meeting date is, that presentation will be made to the district managers so that we can get questions to Susan unless you can bring out that meeting. That's it for me. Thank you, Michael second vice-chairs report. Oh I'm, sorry Linda, you have your hand up. I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, this whole. This whole thing is so it is happening without any information. So everything that I've seen said hey. They just go on this NYC website and they self-certify and they're in business about an SLA waiver there. So we have to get the right information out to our establishments as quickly as we can. So maybe you know if susan has the answer and she wants to- let us know so that we can save her some work when we tell our community that would be good. Linda I will say that sentiment that you just shared was the sentiment of most of the board chairs today on the borough board meeting I think almost all day today trying to get the straight answer. Park openings and you know, was an all-day job yeah. That's things are happening at rapid pace now and there's not a lot of forethought into some of these things and I. Don't see why not they've had some time to plan phase 2? Why is it suddenly? A mess like I said, watch the parole board meeting, and you will hear somebody say exactly what you just said see I'm just right in there Lisa okay. So, as was previously mentioned, there was meeting in the past week to discuss the plan training sessions that we've been talking about for a while, and it was agreed that the first one would be held as we talked about before on the 29th, and that would entail basically the operation, kind of basic cp3 board operations and procedures, and the agenda for that has been as of this afternoon, of approved by the speakers who will be Susan and Michael and David Crane Susan I'll do the role of the board office. Michael is going to do how a community board meeting runs. David will do two sessions on how to write a resolution and opportu of the order, and my plan is to send out an email today this evening, when we get done to all the board members alerting them to both of the trainings, but it include only the agenda for the first. This one is going to be held on Tuesday July, 7th July. We couldn't decide if 4th of July was celebrated on Friday or Monday, so we're going with Tuesday for the meeting and the agenda, for that is a little bit in flux, because I think when we talked about it at the exact the last time we assumed that there would be basically two or possibly three sessions, one on land juice, another on SLA and the third on landmarks and I. Think we're good I haven't heard definitively from Alex, but my guess is alex is going to be as cooperative as usual and do that? Am I right Alex yeah emailed you back, you said you were gonna, read it over and just okay, fine yeah I got you know, I thought I had I read it I thought I not responded, but my answer sure: okay, great I, didn't respond. I thought I already have I, see, I, see, I didn't see it, so thank you. Great and Linda has agreed to do a piece on landmarks and how that works and to write up a little one pager. We decided we wanted one pager on all of these topics so that the folks to attend. Don't have a to take home with them and cherish is the at least Michaels laughing. At my joke. Okay and the one thing that's been a little complicated, Jackie and I discussed yesterday and I think we've come to a consensus amongst everybody who was in a series of emails. We expected Jackie to do the lamb juice presentation, but just the other day, I think it was yesterday. We got an email from the borough president's office that they were doing virtually the same thing and they were doing it on zoom' and that would be recorded and we could replay it, and the borough president has done this very professionally a number of times and it just seemed to I think both that there was really no need for us to reinvent the wheel and what we could do is just encourage people. Unfortunately, the first session that they're doing as you can see from on the screen now is on our community board meeting night I'm, not going to say out loud that items. If you wanted to do that and then come on to our full board. I would never say a thing like that, so the expectation was that we would use the this presentation and offer it for our board members to access electronically, and certainly you know, I bet Jackie- would be willing to come to the training on July, 7th and answer any questions. If people had a chance to look at it by then or we could take questions electronically and follow up on anything that might be more specific but I'd like to recommend that we do it that way, the only other thing I totally want us. You have the same thing on landmarks. Oh, so they do. Oh I guess: oh yeah, it's right in front of my face! Well, how do you feel about that? What you're thinking on that, Linda or others? Do you think we should well I? Don't think that land I don't think the landmarks one conflicts with any other community board meetings for us, so I think just tell the new members that we strongly encourage them to return I, don't think we can make it a requirement, but I think that we should strongly encourage them to attend the June 25th. One on landmarks: doesn't it say it's mandatory for new members at the top nevermind I thought it was useful, I think I think Lisa, maybe in the email that you send out about the twenty-ninth training. You should just add something to that about the training on the 25th. You know that's happening and strongly encouraged people to attend the 23rd, the training on the 23rd about land use and zoning. So is the idea that we would just let that training happen and then ask the new members to watch the recording, or is the idea to excuse the new members from full board so that they can attend that training to recorded and show it a different time, okay to give them access to it at their convenience? Okay, I'm, fine with that Jackie has his hand up so I. Believe yes, question! Yes! Well, it's not really a question and I just wanted to say: I mean I wish I could say: I can do this presentation better than TCP, but of course, I mean before precip. Of course, I'm. Not so I think for effectiveness and efficiency reasons. I would just encourage poor members to take those two classes. So if anyone has questions after watching the 20, June 23rd video or after taking the June 29 on my class basis- and they still have questions, they should send me the questions before July 7th, so on soon so I will have some times to address those questions and then bring it to the July 7th training after SLA after Alex. The only thing about that is Jackie I'm, not a hundred percent sure when we're going to get access to the recorded version, I mean maybe we'll get it right away. I don't know if Susan has talked about that, but you know I worry. If we don't get it right away, people might not have a chance to review it in time to have questions. You know so that June 23rd is two weeks from two weeks from default: July, 7th and 20 nice one week before July 7. So let's just hope that they will make those videos accessible. Today I mean 20 to 29 June 29 when we be forward to July 7, so it would be accessible for board members and in June. 23Rd is two weeks before that, so hopefully they will provide a video. My assumption is that I mean they're doing it on Zoom and the video typically processes overnight and it's available the next day, so they're planning on editing it or something like that. They they're probably going to post it relatively quickly and if not, we can probably just ask for it. I will also say I, don't remember if it was land use or landmarks that I went to, but I did go to one of these trainings last year or the year before and I still have the slides. So I can look and send those to you guys as well, because they send out the slides after you attend the training so that you have them. So if I still have them, Jackie I'll send them to you too. So you can see I'm assuming they're probably updated, but it might be helpful, hey you know. My comment was always going to be that I believe that in-house trainings are always better than outside trainings, but I know that the borough president's office does a great job at that. Just a blanket training like they do a great job of doing this great training, but at the same time I thought it would be a great opportunity for new members to and newly appointed members to get to know who the chairs are- and you know just share different experiences. As far as that, your committee I mean like it's more intimate I, feel like it's more intimate and that's the reason why I said I wanted to encourage us to have our own training in-house rather than to go, send them out, and it's like across everybody across the city is taking the same training. That's cool, but I mean for us I like for us to be more connected right. That's just one of those people come by you know, so that's just it before we Linda, but before we get there in case, nobody noticed there is I'll scroll down. There is a third training. Second, more advanced land use training. That is planned as well, then that's the same night that we're planning our first training just take your where I, don't think we'll have yeah I mean I, don't think the new members would maybe go to that, but considering that they're just taking the 101, but some of our current members might be interested in that yeah Linda yeah well, I mean I'm. You're gonna spend two hours on landmarks and when we do, our training presumably will spend 15-20 minutes on the subject. It's true. It would get a lot more thorough, yeah shouldn't if they go to the class you're right. I. Take your point also Alicia that how we do it in community board 3 might be interesting people what is with regard to landmarks, we added something if you'd be willing Linda that just talked about what the landmark areas are in our district and some of the key. You know things that you've been looking at over time. Would that be a useful addition to the more general I think it is I think it's good I think for people to understand how to know if something is a landmark out of fact out what to do if they see something bad going on somebody messing with the land where they shouldn't to how to report that so yeah there's a lot of there's a lot that can be said. Why don't we do that? Then that way we can I, don't see the same need and land used to be honest, but that way we would at least we would have both an SLA and a landmarks section and the second training. Okay, I'm good with that here. I think that's a good idea, because you know that the land session from the borough president's office is going to be very broad, so I think if we do a little 10-15 minutes about. You know how tv3 handles landmarks, it'll be beneficial and what those landmarks are yeah. Okay. So what my plan was to just go through the detailed agenda in the first email and then say that there'll be a second email that will describe the second training that'll come out in about a week just so, because I feel like it's overload of information, but I will also mention the borough. Presidents trainings that are happening in the meantime sounds good. Well, I thought we, but we're also we're also highly suggesting that they attend the landmarks one yeah okay, I feel like it's. A little over okay will do. Bailey has her hand up I just want to note that some of those trainings, like landmark and land use, that the borough president has is useful for all board members to go to whether or not they are on the committee. I might have been to those trainings and it's not that I want to become an expert on land use, but it is discussed that full board and other members should have an idea of what is being talked about. So it's good to encourage everyone to go and then also. In addition, we have our own specific office, went to everybody on the board and the email that Lisa is preparing is actually going to go to are all of cb3 members, not just the new members right, Alex I will say that when I first started, which was a long time ago, these trainee, it's not the advanced one but landmarks training. There was another training, they were mandatory training and if you haven't suggested it already, because I may have missed it, I would suggest that you strongly encourage people to actually go to the rudimentary trainings, especially the land use training if they're new members, because I agree with mainly they're available and they give them a good foundation. Yeah I think the mandatory trainings are the ones about like conflict of interest and used to be a mandatory training, and there was a resolution writing training that was mandatory, but I started in 1998 Michael yeah he was under stress, I was like -, it was the youngest board. Never forget anybody else. President. Doesn't mandate I just wanted to say Michael that the board president wasn't mandated of those type of trainings in a while I think and even outdrink Covid-19 I, don't think they're mandating anyone to do anything I think they're encouraging. Yes, the conflict of interest. Act absolutely was mandatory when I came on board -, but that was I was under Scott I. Don't know you want me to speak to that because I can interest has to be mandatory because we're all required to do it as city employees and even appointed officials are considered city employees, so we all have to take the mandatory training. It's just every two years, so you forget about it. Thank you out. Lisa I, just thought of one more thing: I should be sending this from my personal email, I'm, fine with it. If that's, what I would suppose should be doing, but I just wanted to make sure yeah whatever email you use for a community board stuff. That's what you should son to thumb: okay, very good! Okay! We have Susan's report and I could either read it or you could read it at your leisure, but I think it says some really great stuff. Okay, let me just go through it piece by piece. Let's see, I can't see all of the screen. Michael I have this. Let me close, no I'm gonna read it. Can you see it better than I? Can okay issued guidelines for outdoor seating today, instead of the proposed council legislation? Mayors guidelines do not exempt residential areas. Additionally, the presenter at Borough board said: there's not necessarily not necessity for a waiver for the Seabee stipulations again. This is what we talked about earlier. However, she read the guidelines which cb2 chair looks to us, like waiver are still needed, they set the guidelines to SLA and head of licensing is reviewing and we'll get back to them. They've been very responsive and quick involved. Agencies will be presenting at Borough Service cabinet next Friday its next Friday Michelle. They should have time to get answers by then, as they clearly did not know what they were talking about. Okay, trying to put a little nicely spent last Friday on st. Mark's, Place and Avenue, a e-mailing precinct to do something and trying to get cops out of cars to tell people to move. Ceo responded as if I were not reporting accurately, then it all exploded in the media on Saturday Gail called her after walkthroughs out of the evening that turned out to be a press conference with local elected, an aerial from nightlife Gail had about 10 police cars, respond and SLA. They cleared the majority of the crowd, but left a lot of illegal drinking. There have been brass, there's been a brass band for at least six hours on two nights. There's a very big difference in the way precincts are responding. The seventh responds immediately and makes changes we'll see what happens this weekend. I suggest follow up with the police, businesses elected Ariel from nightlife I believe all in one on a zoom. What how to make this work locally, but she doesn't have high hopes of it happening. We will be spending a lot of time, researching, updated statistics for disagreed statements and preparing for budget consults. It's very hard to get the agencies to respond so far, they've had two meeting two meetings. I've had so far for two meetings: I've had to have OMB tell agencies to respond to us still working on parks in do-e for district level meetings. We had meetings with SBS and EDC and we'll have one with the fire department tomorrow at their insistence. Okay, michelle has her handbag. Do you mind just sending me those notes for the minutes, not a problem? Thank you. Okay, so I wanted to also say that Susan also sent a copy of the vote sheet and the calendar for everyone to approve. Did everyone get a chance to look at the calendar for meetings for July? No okay, so Michael I just sent that to you? Can you share that screen? Okay, the vote both of them they need to see both I have to do one at a time. So what do you want? Just do one at a time: let's do the calendar first Michael. This is the vote sheet hold on there. We go okay, so again, everyone! This is a draft Sousa needs to know by tomorrow morning or tonight. If this is okay for your meeting dates for July, can you scroll down please development, July, 8th Health and Human Services, July, 9th landmarks, July, 13th transportation, July 14, our first exact committee meeting July 15 parks and waterfront July 16th, SLA, July, 20th, June, Basia, land use, July, 21st arts and culture subcommittee, July 22nd and then our second exact July 23rd and our full board July 28th, so yeah, it's it is in your email. Everyone should have gotten this email from Susan yeah I'm on vacation from the 10th through the 17th, so I won't be in around but I'm always on the phone. So does that mean you're not going to be at our exact on the 15th, not on the 15th, but I mean remotely I could probably do it. I mean I yeah. Why not I'll figure it out? If I can't do it I'll, let you know Michael I'll, let you know in advance. I will definitely let you know. Does anybody want me to go back to their meeting date where we have two executive meetings? Well, the reason why we started doing the two executive meetings was because of kovat, and we figured out that there were things that may have come up, that we did not get an opportunity to talk about in the beginning of the month or towards the end of the mom. Sometimes, if we wait towards the end of the month, we might have missed an opportunity to share something or get something sher to the executive committee so and then there's times when we need approvals on things and we need to talk about things before we can get to the next exec. So that's the reason why we started doing the two executive meetings now, if we don't need it, that's what we said in the very beginning: if we don't need it, we won't use it. We don't need to have a second exact, but if we need to have a second exact thing, we have to do it right. This is just because of kovat we're not physically able to meet, and so there's things that have come up, but mr. Hewett, if you don't feel so I just want to make sure everyone is looking at this email that Susan sent out to you all and if there's any Corrections that need to be done, we need to send it to her ASAP. She needs to have it by tomorrow. The only question is Annie should I know for your committee. There's two resolutions that you said you were going to make a motion at full board just to permanently table them because they're not relevant anymore, and there is a note sort of at the bottom of this resolution. But I'm not quite sure. This note goes with the resolution above it or below it too. So you might just want to take a look at that in your email and get back to Susan. There's another milk bottom of this one tier but same thing, it's kind of unclear. The note is for what's motion. It's for all right. We ready to move on Alicia yeah, let's go so I believe. The next agenda item is committee structure, so this was a conversation that Trevor wanted to have or asked to be put on the agenda about committee structure. So Trevor, do you want to lead us off here and remind everybody what your questions were? Press reserve, I, don't know if it relates to just my committee, but I had to do the fact that we have a vice chair and a secretary and obviously some of the emails go to me and the vice chair and some go to me and the secretary and my question was: are we looking to for a standard as to how we have committees? Is it up to each community person I know previously, or our previous chairs have required that we have a vice chair, I, think that was Jamie but I'm, not sure, and also was that still in effect, are we still required to have that and I was also looking at trying to find the structure of each committee to see if we all have or if the other committees have a vice chair and secretary and how it's working I don't know if mine have has any difficulties, but with communication and sometimes sending out emails, it can be a bit challenging. So I was just curious as to other committees. Let me let me start off by saying this. So every chair, every new chair of the community board, has the right to say: what's what and what's not? So if you don't want a first vice chair or a secretary, you don't have to have it, but the thing is those two positions make your life a little bit easier Trevor. But if you feel is that if it's not effective for you, then we can eliminate one of them. I mean I know that Meili just lost her vice chair right, I'm, her vice chair step down for those that don't know, Deborah glass said that you know it's too much. Whatever her situation is she's not able to do it anymore, so she stepped down. So we removed her. So now, Meili has the option of just keeping her secretary or if she chooses to appoint someone else as a vice chair, it's totally up to each individual chair I know that Alex you only have a secretary on my correct Alex, no I, don't have a secretary. I only have a vice chair. You only have a vice chair, so I mean each committee is different. He was a secretary, then you made him a vice chair, and so it's totally up to you as an individual chair as to what you want like Michelle, is a vice chair and then there's a secretary on transportation right and then every committee is different. If your committee is large, you might want to have a vice chair, because what, if you're not there, you want to have someone there that can convey exactly what your message is. Right and they want to run, you want them to run the meeting as if you were there, but if you foresee that this is not effective for you and you can eliminate that position. All right. I got all that. But my question more relates to each chair and the first question is because it was mandatory, you're saying and I pretty much picked it up, but it's no longer mandatory, because that was never taking. That rule was never taken out and I understand. Your share could do it differently. I'm, looking at the committee chair, responsibilities, handbook and I- don't see anything in here that says it's mandatory that you appoint someone to be your vice chair, all right, so we're gonna, we're gonna go with that! That's not mandatory! It's just a thing that a chair did the second question, or the second thing is I really wanted to hear from the other chairs as to what they have and how it's working, not a long speech about it, but I'd like to hear from each chair as to whether they have a secretary and where they're a vice chair and the responsibilities of each one I think I. Think that would be helpful because I think you know, like an Alex's situation. Correct me if I'm wrong I'll exceed no Clint. Has the title of vice chair he's basically doing your minutes and not something a secretary would know. I'm gonna do. Is that correct? Yes, except during the these virtual meetings? Jesse has been doing the minutes and as a alternative to Clint Jesse. Does the minutes really because the minutes requires certain information. I pick the best people. You know the people who've proven that they're the best people are taking the minutes. I'll rely on them to take the minutes. Clint I rely on him for a lot, but at the end of the day, I have to finalize the minutes myself, because sometimes they the discussion, goes to the SLA and because the resolutions are going to the SLA they and I've been teaching them. How to do it. By drafting the resolutions in advance, they should be in sort of a uniform format. You know with the information presented uniformly, even if it's going to be different from application to application, so I do that at the end. Okay. So now, let's hear from some of the other chair is Mary. You've got your hand up. Okay, so I have I had a vice chair and I still have a secretary I believe I believe that there should be some uniformity or maybe some best practices. I think we all need a secrets. We need somebody to take the minutes. We need someone to be there in case. We can't be there. You know I might get sick and not be able to attend the meeting. Someone else has the chair, so the mint, so the minute taker can be the vice chair or the secretary. So wait. It works in my committee. Is that if I'm not able to attend the committee meeting, the vice chair would take over if most me and the vice chair can't attend the meeting, Lowe's get sick at the same time the secretary would take over and then in addition to that, the secretary has a distinct duty of taking the minutes. I think that a smaller committee doesn't mean three officers. You know they can consolidate into two the chair and the vice chair. Maybe the vice chair takes minutes or a chair and a secretary, a larger committee might be useful to have all three, but my- and this is not- this is true of all organizations. The role of the vice chair is always a little bit more undefined. So you know, that's all I have to say thank you. Thank you. Jack I have a vice chair in a secretary and they I find them both really helpful in conducting my meetings, especially during their covert time, at a line at the last Elaine use Millennials meeting this month, Linda. My vice help me with managing the zoom and Michael pearl is he took the notes for minus--, so I just find it really less stressful and I also discuss with Linda on many issues and sometimes I feel like that kind of cooperation is important for a committee because you would like you know. You are not alone, you get. A support form from your committee and Linda is also really involved in my committees, operation and I. Don't know about other vice in other committees, but that's my work with Linda. Thank you, sir okay. Anyone else I don't see any other hands. Okay, Paul, so I like having a by Sharon. It really helps Michele helps out a lot and we spoke after the May meeting. How the way the zoom stuff is set up. You kind of need somebody to run the meeting that somebody needs to run the zoom portion of it and she does that part. I'll run the meeting and we tried out in June, we tried Ellen out in the secretary role to take the minutes to alleviate what michelle has to do so, distribute the responsibilities to make it easier to have this kind of meeting and function a little bit easier. Just because we thought about what you know what the June agenda was gonna, be like with the mountain people we were expecting and the amount of people we saw in May. It helped out a lot for us. You know I've yet to chair a committee meeting outside of my laptop so I, don't know how that's gonna look like when we go back to face-to-face stuff so but for June I thought is made a lot of sense. Thank you. Anyone else, okay, yeah so and landmarks as a tiny committee, and we just have a vice chair and she has basically taken over chairing the meeting several times over the last couple of years when I was unable to be there. So I think that's enough for us. It's a usually relatively simple, also land use over the last few changes of chair I'm, trying to think how far back it goes. I mean I became a vice chair of land use a long time ago. There's always been a vice chair, at least over the last say, eight years or so, and so there's kind of well defined and, as jackie says, it's usually the person who's. The vice chair is pretty strong, also in the same in the business of land use and can help with decision making and so on. And of course, if so far jackie has never been absent. So I haven't been able to chair in his place had a vice chair and you know, thank you. Having a secretary in land use is fabulous yes, so if we find jacket bottom on the staircase weena klenda did it meili who is who's next? Was it mayor, you're, muted? May there we go okay. I think it would be useful at some point to have some habit in writing somewhere. Maybe it could just be a policy or a best practice or something in a manual that says what the role of a secretary is and what the role of the vice chair is. The secretary is very easy: they take minutes the vice chair. I noticed that you know so like what I mentioned. You know they take over in the chair can be there. I think it's important to have that in writing. So at least they have something definite, the other thing about the chair and vice chair working together. That also depends upon a lot of them. You know their dynamics and ability to work together, and sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn't so I don't know how to write that down so yeah. I would like to see something in writing, so it would be helpful to the chairs and to know whether every chair, shyest feel should have haven't been able. They should not be taking minutes by themselves meili if I man they should have someone to take over if they're, not there meili. If I may interject, just a minute, I think that your committee is kind of like unique, because you have a very long name and that long name also has separate things that your or your committee does right. Cuz. You have Health and Human Services, youth and senior services, and it's like it's a lot, and so the ideal was when your committee got separated was that someone will be dealing with you, services and senior services, and someone else will be dealing with health services and Human Services or whatever. But it was like two separate things and it we never really got an opportunity to like actually separate the truth right, because it's always like kind of like cohesive right. You guys are flowing together, but what happened was I think that there are some, maybe the I don't know. I, don't want to speak for her right, but I think that there was a feeling that was conveyed to me that they wish that there was a separation of the two uh-huh yeah I. Don't know how you separate that particular committee, because everything kind of flows together it all is connected and Human Services. Like Youth Services is connected in Human Services right, so I, don't I, don't know. I know, you've heard this before me, I mean this is not something that it's relatively new to you right, mm-hmm, yeah so know, typically in other community boards, the education and use- and sometimes the youth part, isn't a separate committee. So that's not you know yeah and that's something that we never talked about, but it was kind of like maybe it should have been like a subcommittee and had like Human Services as like the main committee and like I, talked about that children, youth and education should have been maybe a separate committee. This was something that was discussed to a while ago with me and I'm, not really sure how the rest of the exact feels about that. Well, let me close my issue thanks to all the chairs, for giving me what they what happens in your committee, I'm gonna, keep the same structure. I agree with me that it's not a priority everything considering everything, but we should have something in writing. I don't have any conflicts. It's just sometimes with the communication of email stuff is sent to the chair and the vice chair and the secretary is not aware, like the initial, when we initially send out the draft minutes or draft forms that doesn't go to the secretary, but I can work that out, but I've got I've heard everyone speaking I have a pretty good idea of how I want to keep it. So, thanks to all the chairs, I was just looking for how you handle it. In your committee and I and I agree with me, we will draw something up so that it could be a little bit more like per minute, because I mean I think that every chair leaves something behind as their legacy. So that is something that I could add on as my legacy as that will have like a more permanent definition of what the roles and responsibilities are for those two separate positions. Thank you all. So what I didn't say during my report and I want to make sure Michelle access to the minutes is that I have gotten I, think everyone except Wendy's, Wendy Lee's, a committee request, form I. Think we've gotten everyone else's, so we want to make sure that and they don't have until like full board meeting. They have until full for meeting to submit them and I just want to make sure that everyone is aware that everyone has submitted their forms of requests very popular. Of course, you know who the popular committees are, and so we're looking into me talking to each chair as to what your space concerns are on your committees, how big your committees are and what you're looking for what levels of expertise you need and what people are bringing to the table. I'll get back to you, and so now we're gonna go into our committee reports. Sla, there's nothing to report! Thank you. So we met on June. 9Th one resolution we did pass was the incident from Avenue J, 9th Street involving officer, Garcia I. Believe everybody voted yes, except for one present on phone. It was a good conversation. It wasn't as a lot. A lot of people didn't come out that I expected I. It was a lesser turnout than I expected. It was a good conversation and I think everything went relatively well. Thank you, Paul, Denisha, I'm. Sorry, I can't hear you thanks she's still having audio issues, yeah Anisha. We can't hear you hon, but I, think to report okay, thank you healthy human services. So we had our meeting and the beginning of the month. It was our first zoom meeting we talked about this trip needs. We had a couple of speakers. The secretary Larissa took over. It was the co-host of the zoom meeting, so that was you know and she really seems to enjoy. It said she's pretty good at it. Actually, so that's been very helpful and also a newer committee. Member Thomas Rosa took the minutes, so he was very thankful to be able to. You know, play and take on a new role and learn something more about the community board and you know be a little bit more helpful. So I thought that was good. That new members were stepping up to take over other duties at the meeting. So we have quite a bit with district needs and we will be discussing it at the next two meetings. Yeah May I will say that your committee was a very interesting committee meeting, Naomi Pina from cc1. She really had a lot of contribution and I mean like there's things. I didn't even consider like I work for the deal we and I wasn't. There was so many things, I didn't even consider as far as like a need of like families like kids, when kids are home, I mean we have so many children that have so many different types of needs, and so I thought that was really interesting and just told everyone knows I think Michael. It was discussed today at Borough Board. How so many of the children are going to lose. Access to Internet because of the companies have now said that June 30th is the last day that they're giving their support for free internet access for students so there, and there are students that there are students that meet summer learning and how their parents are gonna, get it I, don't know. I even proposed to the other of community board chairs in the in the Manhattan was that if there are families that did not even qualify because they old passed bills, Verizon and spectrum basically said they were not entitled to get services, so families would probably have to go outside somewhere to try and pick up free Wi-Fi. So this was like this is crazy. I mean it's really disorienting to me. Yeah. You know generally I find that transcript to be very helpful, and it's something that we should try to do in the future, because you know some of the presenters are good, but sometimes when you hear them talk, it sounds a little bit disjointed or repetitive, and you think it's not useful. But then, when you look at the transcript, you pick up these tidbits like what Alicia was talking about. So, and you know we were able to capture it in the minute and it points to some. You know to do action items for the future. Okay, well, I mean I, don't mean to put you on the spot, and I was trying to find the reference I had to it, but I know they announced a program for students in certain Kovan neighborhoods for what would be a paid internship sort of replacement for Summer Youth Employment Program. The only community men in our area was zip code 1002, which came in number five or four or something but I. Don't really think. That's been publicized to the folks in that neighborhood that their children can qualify for this and this stipend and they don't have to be in other neighborhoods. They had to be I, don't remember the term I'm, just gonna say they had to be in trouble or problem students, but for our zip code they don't have to be, and there is an application process, but I really haven't seen a lot of publication. I'm gonna try and pull up, but if it was there any information on that or are you aware of that? I wasn't aware of it and the information wasn't presented, but if I know anything I'll, let you know, but if you know anything you, let us know sure. Okay, so I don't have much to report for a Landis meeting, but I have a small update on the two bridges rezoning plan. So TCP team occupies a very encouraging response on the rezoning plan and in previous exact, we have agreed to hire land use consultant to make amends to those DCP response, and this afternoon I receive a draft memo from the consultant and that memo discusses the future strategies and options for this project. But I just did not have the time to read it this afternoon. So I don't have much of the detail to share with you and Trevor. You also copyright intern. You know so you have it, and previously the co applicants also briefly talked about the feasibility to do a presentation and to the committee members in, but that has not been confirmed yet so I will follow up on that and what else Oh money. So we had allocate up to ten thousand dollars for this project and so far we have spent four thousand and also on June 25th, which is next Thursday. There will be a community caramel for 70, Mulberry, Street I, believe the information is already on CD free social media. So please share that with anyone who you know who is interested in this topic and that's all I have to report Thank. You very landmark Linda, nothing to report for landmarks, but to just add to what Jackie just said that town hall meeting probably should be on our website, as well as on our social media, because we are a sponsor of it. Yeah I thought I thought it was I thought Michael, it was gonna, go look for, I didn't see it, but that doesn't mean okay, alright, so Joe is online with us now. So our website, okay, okay parks. We had two resolutions: one was for the aloha cowboy side, ecology centers, accomplish art, which we voted to make sure they can stay in there and until substantial construction begins. We also had a solution for the fire department's renovation- nothing too controversial about that other than us requesting that they install a light along the bike path on South Street, which is heavily used, maybe not within their sort of what they can do, but we'd lock that in and tough to do T about it next month. Es CR will have a very robust update right now. It's probably the only thing on the agenda, which will cover a lot of the questions that people have been having, so they are prepared and they will work after 5:30. That was the issue last time, but they've since changed, because they were told do to Cove it that they were not allowed to do anything. Five-Thirty. We're also writing a letter to the city or more important for an important topic for the Brooklyn Bridge Montgomery coastal resiliency project, which is the error between Montgomery and Montgomery Street and Brooklyn Bridge. We've learned that the way EDC operates is that they front cash for projects and then they get reimbursed. Edc is basically said they have no money because they've used it off for kovat related activities. Even though there is over 200 million dollars sitting in the federal pot, they can't pull from it because they don't have the ability to front the money. It's the way. The city operates no and B, so we're in serious threat of not meeting that spending deadline they had in the city has partnered and written a letter with other states who are facing the same issue. But this is a program: that's funded, fully funded, that is in sort of jeopardy. The EDC rep did not sound optimistic, which is also troubling, but the fact that we have a fully funded project- and you know almost a quarter billion dollars from the federal government and we can't spend it because of the way the city operates is distressing, so we're working on the letter. In fact, you just drafted 130 minutes before the meeting which I'm going to go over, but it just shows you how the city works and how money can get wasted. Even though a project is funded. Okay, Thank You Trevor, not just section 8 subcommittee, nothing, arts and cultural subcommittee. Anisha did they have anything not yet because they're gonna meet in July Chinatown neighborhood planning subcommittee, nothing to report. They haven't met any old business. Any new business, okay, I just want to just let everyone know. I will not be at full board on Tuesday night I'm working the election for the primary, so Michael will be running the committee. He will he we'll be cheering the full board, so I'm gonna try my best to help him out from virtual and sending him nothing but well wishes to our full board. I will say this as we close out. Some of the new members were freaked out. I've had to send out several email to the new members so that we don't lose them. I mean like you, don't want people to feel like ah Yanks. You know that was a horrible first meeting for a lot of them so and I and I sent out emails just assuring them that that's not the norm. We don't normally go until 11:30 at night, so reach out and touch your committee members and just let them know like full board, is not the opportunity for everyone to get long-winded and get crazy with it. Please everyone, let's give hope a chance. You know. So, let's not turn this into a crazy another event of craziness I am going to continue to reach out to the elected officials to remind them that it's three major topics that they want to share and they should try to keep it under 10 minutes and I do agree with Michael comments from full board. Members really should be very short, and they can also reach out to the elected officials themselves. They know how to do that. I think talkative today, for some reason, but I seem to recall last time we all met that we thought we talked about a parliamentary procedure rule that would let each committee members speak only twice right, so I. So that's what I was going to say, and so again, as I mentioned, I. Think in our last meeting you know, I was I was not prepared to run the last meeting. Alicia didn't tell me that she was going to be counting on me to run it. So I was just sort of caught off guard and didn't have. You know, wasn't ready, but I'm ready this for Tuesday and I've been brushing up on some of the Robert's Rules and we are going to institute that know that the rule about you can only speak twice or agenda item we are also going to. We had talked about disabling the chat feature because the sort of secondary meeting that was going on the issue with that I discovered is that you can only disable the chat feature in the meeting format in the webinar format. You can't disable it. You can stop the attendees from being able to chat, but you can't stop the panelists from being able to chat. So we are gonna leave that the plan right now is to leave the chat room open for everybody. For the first hour of the meeting to take attendance and whatnot, we are going to make or I am going to make several disclaimers, that the chat room should only be used for attendance and for people who are experiencing technical issues to. Let us know that they're having technical issues or for reps to post links, newsletters from their electeds or whatnot, and that should not be used to have any secondary conversations that are relevant to the Proceedings of the meeting trevor had his hand up quick question. Michael answers, probably no, but there is their way for the chat to go to the cuddle host or the host of the meeting. Only not in the webinar feature. In the meeting sure the chat is much more pliable and you can chant you can do that in the meeting feature. You can only enable people to host to chat with the hosts, but right now so, like our chat, room is open right now. The only options I have is for the attendee. It's to limit the attendees ability to chat, so the attendees ability to chat can could be with. Nobody can be with all the panelists or can be with all the panelists and all the other attendees I can't limit the panelists ability to chat with each other, but you can do that in a committee meeting in a committee, yes, because we so for full board and for right, except meetings we're using a webinar, different or committee meetings, we're just using the meeting feature and I mean that gives you much more openness with restrictions in the chat box right so I'm, just putting a bug in here for the parks committee I'd like it that way, so it only goes okay, so you just remind me of that I for those of you, I mean I'm, mainly only running trevor's and Paul's meetings. Right now, everybody else is sort of taking over their own meetings, and thank you for that, but usually I try to log on a little early so that I can connect with the chair about how they want things to run. So if I forget Trevor, just remind me before the meeting starts answer. Okay may I have a motion to adjourn martien. Thank you, Michael and Thank You Linda. Everyone I have to take that role as well. Okay, thank you. Go ahead! Michelle today, Alicia, yes, Michael Lisa, Eric yeah, ask Michelle yes, Herman, yes, Anisha, oh yeah come on. Give me a thumbs up. Okay! Thank you. May yes thank you. Jackie Thank, You Linda, yes, Alex! Yes, Trevor C, yes, Paul! Yes,.