I mean, like I, really do not have much to report, except for the fact that Lisa Michael, myself and Susan we met to discuss the trainings Let Lisa talk about that a little further during her report.
A lot of conversation ensued after that last executive, zoom meeting You know you're in a leadership position which all of you are in the leadership position, except for the people that are calling in, but you all in front of me- are executive officers and you are leaders of your community There may be some things that you're very passionate about, and you have a situations where you know you feel like somebody could have handled something differently.
First chairs report I did touch base with both Margit chin and Carlino Rivera's offices about co, sponsoring a town hall about workers rights, as we start returning to work, and they both seemed interested in that and Gigi Margaret's chief of staff is going to reach out to the agency to see if the Commissioner will sustain that again like they did for Councilmember Levine They have confirmation, we'll start working on dates.
They've been having, and a number of chairs did report that they've been seeing their meetings getting a little bit longer, as people are in the comfort of their home and whatnot.
Various amounts of questions from the board chairs, as well as the community, and so just some things for people.
One of the other interesting things that I think will be an issue probably for some is that if the four restaurants that are setting up in the roadway in a parking space they're allowed to do so?
That was an issue for some other community boards who did not want outdoor seating on side streets and things like that, so I believe Alicia I do not have the email in front of me, but what Susan have emailed you and I today?
If a restaurant wishes to get such a waiver, they should email, Susan , I'm not I, do not want to commit Susan to that She asked the kid for help which is fine, but that are not in the bid that they're in the face Block Association area What the office is there for, but whether or not like I said I do not think the plan is for us to do.
That then require us to look more closely at the business, for example, wants to extend in front or extend into the backyard because we're not giving the blanket waiver These are all the things that I was thinking about when you know, when I understood what the issue was Second, vice- chairs report.
Linda I will say that sentiment that you just shared was the sentiment of most of the board chairs today on the borough board, meeting Park openings And you know, was an all- day, job There was meeting in the past week to discuss the plan training sessions that we've been talking about for a while, and it was agreed that the first one would be held as we talked about before on the 29th, and that would entail basically the operation, kind of basic Cp3, Board operations and procedures, and the agenda for that has been as of this afternoon, of approved by the speakers who will be Susan and Michael and David Crane Susan Michael is going to do how a community board meeting runs.
David will do two sessions on how to write a resolution and opportu of the order, and my plan is to send out an email today, this evening, when we get done to all the board members alerting them to both of the trainings, but it include only the agenda for the first.
We could not decide if 4th of July was celebrated on Friday or Monday, so we're going with Tuesday for the meeting and the agenda, for that is a little bit in flux, because I think when we talked about it at the exact the last time, we assumed that there would be basically two or possibly three sessions, one on land juice, another on SLA and the third on landmarks and.
The first session that they're doing as you can see from on the screen now is on our community board meeting night The expectation was that we would use the this presentation and offer it for our board members to access electronically, and certainly you know, I bet Jackie- would be willing to come to the training on July, 7th and answer any questions.
I. Do not think the landmarks one conflicts with any other community board meetings for us, so I think just tell the new members that we strongly encourage them to return.
As far as that, your committee I mean like it's more intimate And, that's the reason why I said I wanted to encourage us to have our own training in- house rather than to go, send them out.
I think that's a good idea, because you know that the land session from the borough president's office is going to be very broad.
One I just want to note that some of those trainings, like landmark and land use, that the borough president has is useful for all board members to go to whether or not they are on the committee.
We have our own specific office, went to everybody on the board and the email that Lisa is preparing is actually going to go to are all of CB3 members, not just The new members, right, Alex I will say that when I first started, which was a long time ago, these trainee, it's not the advanced one but landmarks.
There was another training, they were mandatory training and if you have not suggested it already, because I may have missed it, I would suggest that you strongly encourage people to actually go to the rudimentary trainings, especially the land use training if they're new members, because I agree with mainly Yeah I- think the mandatory trainings are the ones about like conflict of interest and used to be a mandatory training, and there was a resolution writing training that was mandatory, but I started in 1998 Michael I just wanted to say Michael that the board president was not mandated of those type of trainings in a while Covid-19 Yes. The conflict of interest.
Please, development, July, 8th Health and Human Services, July, 9th landmarks, July, 13th, transportation, July 14, our first exact committee meeting July 15 parks and waterfront July 16th, SLA, July, 20th, June, Basia, land, use, July, 21st, arts and culture, subcommittee, July, 22nd And, then our second exact July 23rd and our full board, July 28th, so I mean remotely I could probably do it?
I do not know if it relates to just my committee, but I had to do the fact that we have a vice chair and a secretary and obviously some of the emails go to me and the vice chair and some go to me and the secretary and Is it up to each community person.
Looking at the committee, Chair, responsibilities, handbook and I do not see anything in here, It's, just a thing that a chair did the second question, or The second thing is I really wanted to hear from the other chairs as to what they have and how it's working, not a long speech about it, but I'd like to hear from each chair as to whether they have a secretary and where they're a vice chair and the responsibilities of each one That would be helpful because I think you know like an Alex's, situation.
Is that, if I'm not able to attend the committee meeting, the vice chair would take over.
A larger committee might be useful to have all three, but my- Jack I have a vice chair in a secretary I find them both really helpful in conducting my meetings, especially during their Covid-19 time, at a line at the last Elaine use.
Just, because we thought about what you know what the June agenda was going to be like with the mountain people we were expecting and the amount of people we saw in Yet to chair a committee meeting outside of my laptop, But for June I thought is made a lot of sense.
We do not normally go until 11:30 at night, so reach out and touch your committee members and just let them know like full board, is not the opportunity for everyone to get long- Winded and get crazy with it.