I always say people post some photos online and I said you know what those are, the people that should not get a respirator when they need one. No, and I'm thinking I'm even going beyond that and I said like. If you can truck them to somebody that died, they should be charged for a second degree murder. This is where I'm going for, because people are so irresponsible, it's just insane. You know that. That's I'm gonna stop here, yeah. So I'm thinking Eli for what you said before. It's just people, don't care or a lot of people. Don't care. I should say it that way. A lot of people just don't care. What is it that we don't care about? Oh a lot of things, the people who don't explore, people that don't wear masks that congregate go to weddings and all that bunch of got it. Yes got it. Yeah I was like that's kind of a down note to enter the meeting on hey everybody, people don't, but you are right. It is kind of shocking hi Wayne. Where are you calling us from looks like you're in Morocco? Yes, I am calling you from Morocco yeah you're in front of a green screen. No, actually I'm not in front of a green screen. You are a green screen, I'm just using a virtual background. I decided since I have thousands of digital photos. I might as well use it. You know that nobody asked me what's my screen is I get like well still at all: it's israeli politics. It's against Bibi Netanyahu, he's a prime minister for 12 years he's acting like a king gotta go wait. What you got issues with bb? What could possibly be wrong? Isn't he under indictment for something at the moment? So exactly he is like the sky. He could run the country like he is a king and he's being allowed to do so many things and it's he has to go. He got to go home just you know it's like a monarchy. It's not I, don't know I mean because you know he hired Rudy Giuliani to run his campaign. Well, on a lighter note, Hanukkah Samantha! Oh it started already. I'm not falling okay, yeah, happy Hanukkah I would have been here on time, but I was busy. We were exchanging Hanukkah gifts, okay in an incredibly self-interested move. I bought my husband a lot of really good cookware because he's a very good cook, so I figured if I got him a couple of new saute things that was very generous of you. There you go. Actually you know this may not be Morocco. This may be the Alhambra I, don't think so, because I've been to the Alhambra. That's not why! But the gentleman who I'm blocking in the background is working on a fountain and as I recall, when I was there, they were working on that fountain and the Lion Fountain actually had scaffolding around it. Hmm that just means I have to go back when I can to verify the location got it. I was Morocco, I never been there. Even though my mother is from there. Oh really yeah I was you know, I expected Morocco to be more desert-like and I. Guess there are portions that are desert, but where I was very green and lots of olive and cork trees can somebody elevate Rosie because she's on the executive committee and she should be a panelist right, I, think Ebenezer or maybe Elias R has to do that. Wayne I think I really told him Morocco just that our next stop was western Sahara, with the support of our distinguished president. So now Morocco is going to have more deserts, but Polisario would not be too happy about that. But you know that's a different story. No I, don't think so. But you know the other interesting thing about Morocco is the faces. I saw in Morocco were very similar to the faces, I see in Washington Heights. Very much so it's amazing I mean it just struck me. The other interesting thing is North. Africa was not as hot as the South of Spain. Oh yeah, no northeast super temperate yeah, the people that traveled with one first of all, going back in history, 1492 January, the Morocco was still part of Spain I think they, in other words the people that traveled with Christopher Columbus in those three ships. A lot of them were from originally from Morocco some of the people, so they might be well. It's just that you, when you know, get to travel a bit and you see spaces, you say well, you know these faces, or these people are similar to these people. You start to get a sense of how people have traveled the world yeah go to a casablanca. We were in Casablanca. Only for lunch, I mean Casablanca, you know was not as interesting. We basically went to the four capital cities. The old towns are so fascinating, I mean the only thing I can compare it to is like an italian hill town, but they're much denser and I was told that people who live there get lost I, think by farm from and Africa have you been to Tunisia, because the food in Tunisia is pretty fine yeah well, I have not. The food in Morocco is pretty good. I love that slow, cooking mm-hmm and you know I can do another trip to Morocco, but I still have to get to Tanzania and Zanzibar. So that's on the other side of Africa Right do the camaraderie so we're going to cultivate into order. If we have quorum excellent, so we can expect to wrap up by eight o'clock 8:30. You know God willing, so I'm gonna just pretty much go find my report. It's gonna be very flimsy because we're gonna allow Mr Jim Berlin to introduce us with the resolution that we had scheduled to discuss today. Basically, I have to say thanks, but he's not here, Steve Simon at the cotton river ceremony that we had in the beautiful park on 164th in Edgecombe I welcome. You guys to drive by and look at it, it's just marvelous to kind of work to dig that, but I'm not gonna make that report. I should be list. I'm also gonna share with you guys, a letter that we received from New York City tests on trace Corps. Basically, the letter just states that they have 33 existing sites above 96th Street, one self swap testing in Compton I associate. You remember: Jason Compton, our previous former Business Development Committee chair and two pilot testings on Georgia and Gw, High, School and Manhattan center for math and science are going to be the two pilot test, centers that we'll be having until tomorrow, December 11th. So I'm gonna share that letter with you guys by then tomorrow. Hopefully, that's my report Jim, if you wanna take over from here, and so we can get going on the resolution and explain it away. Thank you Eli. All of you should have gotten this day. This is the resolution that we will pass right before we vote at the general meeting. That will enable us to vote at the general meeting, but I had a thought to share with you now what we did as you know, and then at my well, no matter whose idea it was, but we created all of these accommodations for board members who are not good at this kind of thing. You know, so they can presumably vote by sending us a picture and I got rid of the word ballot because it doesn't have to be an official ballot. It just has to say who they're voting for, and they have to sign it because again we're trying to make an accommodation. Now the complication there is I ultimately came to the conclusion that the very same people who won't be able to successfully vote using a voting platform, you know or app or whatever they won't be able to take a picture of their ballot either, and they won't be able to do any of these things. So it may be that these accommodations are actually superfluous. They don't help. So that's what I want you to ponder for a few minutes. Do we now? We can keep them there anyway, because the and the way I think it would work is basically we would expect and as people become more confident with this stuff, of course the problem will go away, but a person will come back to us and said I tried the voting, app I can't do it and then the chair, the nominating committee, you know, would say: would you like to send us a picture or whatever, and then they would do that now? The key- and this was in part of the main piece of my discussion with Adele Bartlett, who was very helpful- the Manhattan borough president's council. The key is the voting, the open meetings law, which requires that voting at a meeting take place at the meeting, and so that means and not before the meeting and not after the meeting. So that means when we have the election- and this is exactly what we already did, but that's what the open meeting open meetings law demands. We will say: you've got 20 minutes to get your votes back to us and any votes that come back during those 20 minutes will come count any ones that don't that they won't count and if people send us votes in some other manner. As long as we can I, you know we can identify who it's from presumably with their signature, and we can identify when it got to us, which is presumably what matters so, and we would just keep that in mind. So the real question is: do we need these accommodations and then the only other change I would make is where it now is. If we keep it in it says, and by submitting a photograph I want to change that to photographic image, because technically a fax is not a photograph. So your thoughts, ladies and gentlemen, don't forget sucks her hand up first and okay, fine! You moderate this good. Thank you now, Liz had her hand up first and then I did I actually think that the entire thing is superfluous. So whatever wording you want to have in there I don't care. I would like for us to spend as little time as possible, discussing it. I totally agree, except for the superfluous part. So from what was sent today, I had a question in terms of like spelling out who it gets sent to, because I can imagine very easily of like, while I voted, I sent it to Paola versus no, it's supposed to be sent to the nominating chair or a specific committee, so I would want us to kind of discuss specifying that. Can I just answer that, because basically that's the kind and you're absolutely right. That's detail that doesn't need to be in the bylaws. But basically when the voting occurs and then we'll use the current chair, you know nobles would say if you want to vote by fax, you must use this number, but then we'd have to have somebody buy the fax machine or you must text it to this number, and that would be the number and you know we would make that now. The other piece which is very important is the only people who are entitled to vote are the people who are present at the meeting electronically. At the moment the vote is open, so we would have to take attendance at that very moment. Looking at the and nobles just joined us, so he can well. He just texted me that he'll be happy to talk to. But the point is that we will. You know the committee will determine at the time the voting begins exactly who can vote. Those people will be get the emails and they will be the very same people who will get back to us if they can't vote and anyone else simply can not vote on that issue. Okay, any other questions before we move on one of the questions did I mean we can keep the accommodation, it's harmless. It's just we have to pay attention, it may be. You know, because it's an accommodation, we don't really have to take it away and I think it's a decent thing to do, but if you think it's totally superfluous as opposed to that and by the way just to answer Liz. If you don't mind, it's not superfluous, because we have to have a resolution, a change in the bylaws to allow remote voting and by the way the other thing is. If we take out all the accommodations, the one accommodation which would remain would be by voice vote at the meeting, but normally we don't vote for you know we do don't do our elections by voice vote, because we don't want to hurt feelings so, but that would be necessary if the person can't vote in any other manner. So unless anyone has the questions, I'd like you to just present the resolution, so we can vote on it. Okay, this is the way we'll do it. We have the resolution in the way I voted with that one change. You know from photograph to photographic image. No one I'm asked that we remove the accommodations, which implies to me that you are happy with the accommodations. So I will now ask for a vote of the executive committee on presenting this resolution to amend the bylaws at the general meeting on Tuesday. All of you all of those. In fact, someone else can do the vote. Account for counting yeah Catherine, if you want to do the vote count. How would you like us to vote voice vote? Okay, those in favor all right, hi, all right? Anyone who poses I abstain that we have one of one abstention: okay, very much! We can now vote on Tuesday as soon as we pass this. Thank you so much appreciate that Curtis I think you wanted to say something. I see you don't meet yourself, no you're good, so we're moving on. Thank you. Jim a lot of hard work, Chris Noble's she's incredibly committed, and you know the hard work he's putting into making sure that we go into this new reality, this new way of doing as administrative and how our board has been taking, having a lead on that nobles I. Couldn't. Thank you enough. If you're not here, I want the minister to reflect the work you've done. Thank you. So, moving to district manager's report, Ebenezer fluid and short good evening, Mr, chairman and member of the executive committee, always is a pleasure being here as your district manager. I. Don't have that much to report that you may recall the day after the November general meeting I went out on vacation I. Just came back on this past Monday. The seven and started working on the eighth I have been catching up with my emails and also following up a few items and, as you know, the Gen, the DC service cabinet meeting gonna, take place a week from today, not too much to report. I got the items that some of you asked me to put it to the on my agenda for the District service cabinet meeting to follow up. I have been following up Wayne's issue on Riverside drive with D.O.T I called then yesterday, but I haven't received any response yet and I have it on my agenda to discuss. Next week we have been supporting also the nominating committee team. You know giving the support for the this new election way that we're gonna have this year. This is the end of my report. Thank you very much. God bless you all. Does anyone have any issues that they would like Ebenezer to put his agenda for? There's your cabinets meeting hi every sir: how are you doing hi? How are you good so I just wanted to ask if perhaps when you go to the cabinet meeting you if you see a representative either from DHS or DSS, if we can request that someone gets essentially back in touch with the board, specifically with our committee, because we'd like to try and begin starting a conversation about the relationship between just the services they offer in the community and what was going to be happening here at the community board. Okay, I will do so. Thank you so much. Thank you aryan. Anyone else, I do if I may hello, everyone should I speak. Yes, hi! Yes, I just have a question, but it's unrelated and it's quickly, I mean it's quick. All I wanted to say is that when it comes to send the announcement to the community about community meetings, I would like to see at least for my community. That is not only that they wait for the last minute or just the Friday before, unlike other committee, but I would like to see like more continually and sending those reports, because I noticed that our committee is usually ascending only maybe twice while other committees you know, are sending more than once and I would like that they take that observation into consideration and would be much appreciated. Thank you. Faye excellent I will leave you. Thank you. Larry Ebenezer I, wonder I know. We've raised this issue before, but on the corner, the South East corner of 173rd and Broadway by that gas station that little area there completely floods that whole you know, half of that roadway floods anytime. It rains anything over a couple of drops and it takes a week for it to dry up and it's you know very dangerous because you end up. If you have to cross that across that way, you mean on the for Washington site, like on that little the little opening there right I think we lost it. You said the South East Corner, South, East, Southeast, South, War right the gas station and the little discount store that they have with yes, okay I will look into that. I have a few locations in the district that there is a flood location and I have been working with D.O.T I want to look into that and bring it to today, and it's been that's been for a long time. I don't know if it's clt or whoever, but you know it's a dangerous area. If you have to cross the street in the winter when the temperature goes down, is you have a lot of eyes there exactly and we're going to follow up? Yes, okay, so we've been easier to sum it up to summarize it, you have two issues that you have to bring into the district happiness medium, which is Adiel's and Mary's, and then we'll deal with phase issue. I think I see Lisa's with her hands raised Liz. Yes, thank you, I. Just a quick question. I see that, quite unusually, we have zero attendees. Oh no, wait! We have two attendees, both of whom are board members. We have zero attendees from the public, which I don't know, maybe everybody's busy on a Thursday night, but it's unusual. So I'm just wondering did a notice go out about this meeting with the link the same notices that historically usually went out on the timely way, but we do have an issue that was brought up by the Manhattan border president's office. We got an email from Noel Hidalgo a few hours ago, saying that our meetings are have a very security vulnerable, because what happened is that in the beginning we were screening who was coming into our meetings now we're just sending out links. People are joining in and we don't know who they are like in the case where you told me about the anonymous person that was lasting us away. So we're gonna have to change our protocol again to make sure that our security is no longer reached. Remember that we also we're also using Mbpo's zoom account so when they come through us, they're really going through their server. So that's what we need to really be more mindful of who's coming into our meetings and if I can interject, because this is security, it turns out the Webex platform. Is infinitely less secure and gives us far fewer tools to control people than the webinars that we do with zoom. So I on this very same topic, I was hard. In fact, Debbie and much of the committee was horrified the other night when we used Webex it didn't work particularly well, but again it's totally vulnerable to being bombed by you know bad actors, so I think what we have to do is, if necessary, get yet another zoom account and give up on the webex and I, I'm not sure, but I have a feeling. Others are not thrilled with Webex either. Thank you all right, josie I think you were resting your hand. Yeah I was in relation to what Liz was saying. So since the board decided to work with the new Facebook after all and not try to rework the old Facebook I stopped posting there and I think I'm not posting there since the last time. You spoke about that, and maybe that's also a contributor to the fact that you got fewer people so take that into consideration, and that could be part of why you don't get as many people from the public all right. Moving along general, your report, yeah I, have my hand raised. I, don't see it, but yeah go ahead. Mary yeah! It's up there I just wanted to back up what was said about the webex, because I had to leave the meeting the traffic and transportation meeting the echoing was giving me such a headache that I got a migraine. Headache and I had to leave the meeting. For that reason, I couldn't stay on any longer. I was feeling so sick. So that's you know. It's very poor and I've found that every time that I've been on one of those Webex meetings well we're trying to open up as our own zoom account Webex. Believe it or not, is more secure than Zoom is for different purposes, but in our for our purposes we're trying to secure another account that we own and control. Maybe you smoke more secure, but if you can't understand what's going on and you have so much interference and it's in on again off again, what's the point yeah, that's really the city's account that was given to us. We can use it as a secondary account. We had two meetings at once, so we're gonna make it possible so that we have more of a user for user friendly platform which is zoom, so we're handling that by next meeting that'll be taking care of Mary. Thank you. No problem. Gerard greetings. I have less of an update than really just a wrap up, and it's going to be a little bit of a repeat of what I said last month, so just to wrap things up when I began my first term as treasurer, it created a basic Excel spreadsheet that the district manager could update each month to report fiscal year, monthly, actual and forecasted expenses which would enable the treasurer to advise the board. Apologies, the board what funds might be available to be repurposed throughout each fiscal year? Should the board consider that as an option, this reporting is good practice, promotes transparency within the board of community and enables the board leadership and community to understand spending throughout each fiscal year. My request was modest and would have built trust and confidence within the board and community. If the report had been consistently issued in a timely manner each month by our district manager, reports not overly complex and truth, be told could have done it, but it really is good practice and best practice for any manager of any budget, whether it's modest or multi-million, to really own that and to really express it. The way it should so. As you know, I've declined to run for another term as treasurer, but want to thank the office staff for all their efforts in support of the board. Business and I want to wish the next treasurer all the very best and encourage our district manager to support their efforts to the greatest extent possible. Thank you all sure. Thank you. You're, a good man, good friend, all right. The next report from the secretaries, okay, so I still don't get information for the committees from the office, even though I think Paola and Chanel divided like who is managing the attendance and is supposed to send it to me. I guess so: I just went ahead and look at the general meetings from April to November and I. Just go by that. I can tell you that there are four or maybe five members that one of them did not attend any of the general meetings since April another one missed four, I'm sorry, five, the other one is four, I'm not sure if I can name names because we are not in the executive session and Jim can chime in on this a matter of public record, you can exactly okay, correct Elizabeth. I just need to thank you for the confirmation. I wasn't sure so I didn't want to okay, so we have Francisco. Alvarez did not attend any of the general meetings since April Juan Guzman only attended four, I'm sorry did not attend four out of the six Cindy Matos did not attend four and Christopher Ventura did not attend three and they are all absent. It's not that they are excused. So my question is: should we approve sending an email, I'm sorry, an email or a letter, not sure which is it to those members and asking them if they are? If they want to, you know to resign or they feel they want to improve the attendance at some point hold on a second. Let me it's my first time doing that, and this is only based on the general meetings. I do not know, and if they did not attend other committees, their assigned committees. Alvarez has never been to one of my meetings. Jim you want to. Was he assigned to your committee? I'm trying to understand Steve was he assigned to your committee? Yes, yeah he's never attended. One meeting he's decided to public safety as well. He has never attended I, don't even know how he looks. Okay, Juan Guzman has is been in all of because I know he's a new appointment he's been in all my business Development Committee meetings is he assigned to your committee Domingo. Yes, let me try and put some water into scattering. You had a your hands up then list and then we're gonna finish up, wrap up the report and then Jim. You I would like to have your opinion based on exactly specifically what the bylaws says: Catherine, okay, yeah, so I was gonna, say traditio I, think it'd be good and just to kind of sum it up right for Rosie and you to meet with Paola to decide, and you can see me on that email just to kind of like decide that checklist of what that could look like and finalize. You know what the process will be because I know you know folks have used the minutes to do the attendance, and so, if that doesn't necessarily work, I do think that can be a conversation and then I was gonna say instead of right, like punitive approaches and I think Liz met was gonna. Chime in on that traditionally folks got sent the letters as soon as they hit based on the bylaws if they missed I, think it was two and or and then after that, perhaps a phone call right and I think one of the best examples was. You know Francisco last year that missed a lot and then it was like. Oh well, you just had a newborn and has been really active in all the meetings this year, different Francisco, yes, sorry, different Francisco, not Alvarez I forgot his last name now, but just as an example, there are folks that we called last year that you know have been really active and it's just a matter of approaching them right. But based on what I read to you in just for the general meetings, not including the committees, there are a few that I feel deserves to get a letter. I believe the next person to speak was Liz, and since she was the secretary, she should be able to tell us a great deal. Yeah Jim, let's have her say and then I want you to wrap it up. So we can move on. So a couple of things we certainly I think that it's always helpful to send out something to confirm that the record we have is the record I. Think in the very I think we have two different things going on. We've got some people who have some attendance issues and there probably needs to be some outreach to them about what's going on and we can do it by letter or we can actually do it by picking up the phone. Ultimately, the bylaws do put that on the chair, but I you know it's, you know you don't necessarily want to just dump everything on Lasr, so maybe you want to make phone calls Lisa, or maybe you want to delegate that back, but I think Francisco Alvarez is really in a different category than everybody else. The man has not attended a single meeting of any kind of community board 12 in the entirety of 2020. in the entirety of 2019. He attended one meeting. We had never seen him in all of 2019 and then he showed up at the December meeting. So he could vote and we haven't seen him since so I. Think the most charitable spin that we can put on that is, he clearly doesn't have the time to do this, so we could do a whole back and forth with letters and registered mail or whatever, or it might not be a bad idea. If you, the chair, Elia Sar, pick up the phone, call him and say you know: you're really messing with her quorum. You got two different committee chairs, who literally have no idea who you are you clearly don't have time to do this, I'm happy to accept your resignation, but you know there have got to be 10 people out there who are dying to get on CB12 and they can't, because we have Francisco Alvarez taking up space on the roster. Okay, great, we'll, follow you your advice on that one Jim, thank you as Liz can attest. We already in the board office have standard letters that we send to people with bad attendance right and I. Think we even have criteria like it's two or three months, and then they get a letter and the other issue which I think Liz described well was this one individual who basically never shows up what should have happened? Probably after four months of never showing up, you know before he got to voting and whenever it was, we should have sent him a letter, and then we have a standard letter like that saying you, oh, we did okay, but then, if he doesn't respond, then the next step is to remove him from the board correct. He had a resolution that the executive committee passed in January of 2020 and he was going to get such a letter. There were three letters that were supposed to go out and for two of those for one of those three people Francisco Lopez, he started showing up. So we were like great you're showing up. He contributes problem solved, the other two people we have not seen since then James so I think we should just pass those two rezzos because they've already been notified yeah her I think we also discussed and I will do that of record I. Think that I haven't seen Mary and Marian Jones, either so right, Miriam, James and Juan Guzman yeah. We didn't do a reso, for we had Reso's that the executive committee passed unanimously in January of this year for Mariam James and for Francisco Alvarez, who we haven't seen. So we could just take those two resolutions and put them on the floor in December right, but going back, we've got a number of hands up and we're not recognizing right. Okay, so captain just helped me out all right so before we move on because I really like to just bottom line and then the is that there's an Easton answer. Can you say answer you just send the letters and move on right? You see Israel, who was first to Catherine's question her point. The attendance I mean the minutes are supposed to reflect the attendance sheets and in our in-person meetings we build the minutes based upon you know the folks, the committee members who have signed in and guests who are cited in this virtual environment. It becomes critically important and I believe liaison your copied on the emails that I've been sending around recently to get the attendance reports from those meetings, and you know with zoom. Apparently it's easier to get those reports than with Webex. Yes, you know, Piola is saying that she can't find it, but I know at work. We use Webex, and so you can get the attendance right. But you know if we don't have those we don't actually have the record of who actually signed into the minute to the meetings. So it's really important for whether to do it or whomever to give training to staff for whatever platform we're using so that we have an official record of attendance yeah. We hope, before we spend so much time on just attendance, there's an issue Wayne with the email that we have on record for the board members and that and sometimes board members sign in with a different email. So when you print out the report, you you'll get an entirely different email address than the one that you have on record, so it might show up as though you're not present. You are especially when there has been some resolutions that have been voted on right. Well, that's not the problem I'm experiencing, and but what you've mentioned is absolutely true and in some cases we'll ask and during the meeting they'll say well, the 718 number belongs to actually we had this with Rosie, so it was Rosie. So we knew she was there with Webex I mean to date. I had not been able to get a report for the people who attended the December, 2nd land use meeting. So what we did we put in a call to the web Webex administrator in NYC, so they can give us access to get those records in yeah. That's my point: that's what Paula did and that will address Catherine's. You know point of how do we track attendance? It should be based on the official either the physical attendance sheet or the report we get from the platform of who was there last night. He was recently appointed, so he has been attending okay, there's Domingo and Steve who haven't spoken yet I had faith who hasn't said anything all meeting she texted me and then list Domingo and that'll be all of this topic. Faye going once okay, I didn't know, I was first done. Thank you, Mr Chairman! Well speaking about the possibility of the proposal we have to revise or amend, I should say, which is correct. The bylaws I wanted to ask Berlin. If what is the possibility that we also may consider the idea of revising members duties as to what exactly that you ought to do? We have tons of members in different community, but I can only speak for my community for my committee, in which members they not necessarily contribute to provide at least an item for the agenda and those members and the future may want it to aspire to be. You know to certain position, whatever position. I think that the board should consider the idea and giving more responsibility to members, because sitting in a committee to have your name and a committee and do basically or practically anything I, don't think it's really a healthy thing, giving them responsibility, prepare them to becomes whatever position they want it to be, but not necessarily until the occasion come so now that we have this a possibility of this opportunity to re. How do you call to unmanned by laws I highly urge Mr James Berlin, to consider something pertaining to that, because I personally feel that it's not really fair. That chair have to do everything. Of course, at the end of the day, chair should revise the and edit the other minutes, but members need to be more committed to this particular duty. Thank you, Mr Truman. Okay, thank you. If I can respond to that sure, but let me say Steve you may want to try and mute yourself, then we're getting a lot of background noise from the at some point, though, I had raised my hand when Gerard was giving his report. So when you can, please recognize me yeah, of course, I'm sorry about that. I, don't know. Let me just respond to Faye the way that the reason we did this bylaw amendment is that we didn't do it. We couldn't vote so now. There are lots of changes we can make of the bylaws and that's why at some point we will get a new bylaws task force or there are probably other ways of amending the bylaws too, and the sorts of things that you are suggesting you know certainly can be put into the biologists. It's not my job. It's the job of bylaws task, force. Okay and again, that's something for basically those details are something we also need to discuss. But again not tonight do I have any more questions on the floor related to the secretary's report. Thank you. James yeah I have a quick suggestion and it may sound like it's more work, but I think, ultimately it might wind up being less work, particularly if we can just routinize it. So I would suggest that either the chair of a committee- or perhaps this is a good idea for the assistant chair of a committee. The right after the meeting is to send a quick email to the whole committee, see seeing the staff saying this is what we think the attendance was for this evening. Is there anybody who was at this meeting who, for some reason we don't have listed as being at the meeting because they dialed in or they were using an unrecognized? Is there anybody who's listed as being unexcused absent from this meeting? Who should be excused absent and then people will reply to that and then that whole thing can just get forwarded to the chair of the committee to the secretary to the staff so that there's a closed loop on here's? Who was at the meeting? Here's who's excused here's who's absent, and then there can just be real clarity and not five months later, when there's an email going out to check the attendance people having to go. Oh wait was that when I was excused for some reason or traveling for business or whatever, and that way it's not totally on the office, it's not totally on the chair, and it also as Faye points out, does help other members of the committee to grow into areas of responsibility and leadership so that the chair isn't doing all the work. Why don't we? Just when we email the minutes, I'm assuming the attendance? Is there? Why don't? We just send it out cc the secretary I'm suggesting that we check the attendance before putting it in the minutes? Okay, of course, yeah I, just I didn't want Gerrard's comments to go unacknowledged. I do at least want to publicly thank him for trying to set up a transparent system in which the board would keep track of its finances, and let us know how much money we've spent and how much money might be available for reallocation. I think he made a good faith effort to do so and I think we should at least acknowledge that, and thank him for trying. Thank you appreciate it good point. So we're gonna move on to our can I get my last. The last word of my report, please so I. However, how, whichever way you want to do the role I'm like I, suggesting to do roll call in the beginning of every meeting committee meeting, if it's not it, then what lease suggests fine. However, whichever way I can get it in, that will be great, but I just want to make sure that what we said is that we're sending two letters or doing two phone calls it's gonna be like. Are you gonna call those members I? Think I'm gonna shoot you a new mail, so that, as Liz is perfectly said, that just one person has to carry all the load I think we can collaborate all of us move on with Francisco Alvarez situation and just send out letters or calls maybe calls to Miriam one and okay, all right, we can work like I said one has been attending my meeting. So I'm not sure what right, but he wasn't attending you know from the general. He didn't even tell five general meetings so say: call him he's pretty responsible, all right Jose. Is there anything else, Mariam and Francisco who are in the same boat they're just like we haven't seen them in a year these other folks they should definitely get called, but the two people that we have not seen in more than a year and for whom we already have resolutions that this committee has passed. I would strongly recommend that we just put those existing resolutions on the table on the floor at our meeting on Tuesday all right, okay, good Josie. Do we need to vote on that? No, we already passed them. Okay, I'm asking I want that on record. That I asked- and you said no, okay, fine, I'm good! Thank you! Okay! Jose! Thank you, since she misses the job. Moving along to our calendars. January 2021.! Is there anything that you guys would like to change by the way I checked the jewish holidays and we don't have any conflicts there. Yeah I think we can safely add your name as the chairperson of the board. I, don't think, there's gonna be a recount or whatever or any lawsuits I think we can trust that you're going to be the chair in January and February and even March I think he's I. Guess it's ethical just to just do it the way that is supposed to be done, regardless, whether he's abducted by aliens I already was at once. Oh well, that explains a lot okay! Oh Steve, Chip Shot man. Oh hey guys! You need more time to take a second look at the January 2021 calendar. Are we good question because I guess probably I, don't res I haven't received the calendar? Is it because I'm not wow am I out? Isn't it you accidentally unsubscribed or do you? Are you using a different email than the one that you first gave the office so the one that I first gave the office? It was a while ago, but I also told the office that I'm using a new one strictly just for Community board, which is Rosie Grocery, M3B12, Gmail, Mine text on it it's before we move on to February 2021. These calendars are going to be mailed out after our December board meeting right. Yes, indeed, all right. So at that point we can put your name on them. Yes, Rosiemcb12 at Gmail.Com, right, February, 2021. It should be the youth and Education Committee, not youth education. There should be an ampersand or an, and youth and education are the times right. Some meetings are start, seven p.m. Some somewhere 6:30. do they correspond with the times that the chairs have said that the millions were going to be held at. Is there any difference that anything that needs to be corrected? Typos? No, I'm gonna jump the gun and say I'm good for January, February and March need to go through the process March 2021 times, except maybe for youth. You missing the eye again, so we're good on the before I go on to the committee chat reports, I get a text from Debbie a baby, and those of you who don't know she's having issues family issues so very close to her I, don't know give me the freedom to share with you guys, but she needs a lot of I just wanted to share with you guys that her mother is very ill I just want to have you guys share it. So that's why she was not able to come today because of her mother's situation. Hey Liz, you want her to say something. No I, just somebody's got a lot of background noise. I, don't know if it's Richard, Steve or Curtis, probably curious I, think he muted it already. Thank you. Okay, thanks I'll fake, oh good minutes of fame. Excuse me yeah your report. Oh my report, okay! Well, yes, we have the and thank you. We have two presentations. We have one presentation from the Amber child school I think it was very interesting presentation and we also have another presentation from one of the local community programs. International creation, which is about music program, but on the charter school, which I find it very interesting, so they provide a series of information, starting with the mission that we all know, I, assume I, guess but more important is that they definitely are planning to start their school year and the I think this is going to be their third branch and 215 street, where I used to be the seventh-day Adventist Church, so originally I thought that they going to that they bought the building, but I understood that they going to be. They already are listening the building the actual school that was there, it's already gone, so they working on. You know the preparation just to come. You know next year and what should I tell you so one of the things that they are looking that they actually provide was that which I find it also interesting is that they are not providing a special education, special they're, not serving special education students. They don't have a kind of program which is something so much needed in our community. What else should I tell you that they provided well? I? Guess that I didn't I'm not really I, can't really tell you in a very concise season precisely way among some of the information that they have provided, but I know that it was kind of challenging for many of the folks, especially when it comes to a special education and the fact that there are things that remains in limbo. Regarding you know, they're coming into the community I also understood that they have a another presentation with the parking and traffic you know committee, but other than that. I would say that we exactly not sure, especially in my case, that I grasp, like the whole concept of you, know and turn off having been coming into the community and what is that the full agenda that they are really are considering for their students, but I think that there is still a lot of information that you know to be revealed and disrespect. But main thing is that they own the building. They listen. The building the president's school already left they're going to be serving a population of number of students. I, don't recall exactly I have not put the agenda, I mean the minutes. So the number of a student that they are trying to serve for it is not in my mind right now, but and yes, they are coming to the community and, as you know, that they used to be on 187 street a few years ago. But for some reason, I, don't know the deal. It didn't work for them, so that led for them to move to the Bronx where they at the station and also in Holland, and they wanted they always have an eyes and just received to serve this with sick, because I feel that they feel well connected to this community and wanted to serve this community. But I think that it's a whole lot to learn about amber coming into in a street and whether or not you know the building, they are listing the building or they own the building. But what they express themselves is that they is they listen, this particular property. So, on the other hand, we also introduced them to the international creation, which is an organization that serve students that inclined to learn how to play guitars. So hopefully, I think that they, both probably they're, going to be discussing whether or not they're going to bring or adopt that program, but that it's a limbo as we're speaking right now, so any other information is going to be revealed in our minutes and that's it. This is my report, questions from the floor, related to the presentation of Amber chatter school or anything that someone needs to like fake aussie hands up yeah, so they're gonna start with 300 students and they're planning to move up to 900 students. I'm not sure how this building gonna fill 900 students. They also are looking to use icon park. I, don't know to what extent exactly, but my understanding that I mean like I, can't see how 900 students use icon park. It's not central park or anything that 900 students disappear. It's a very small park, so I would appreciate any further information about that. Well, I think that's in a wishing list because remember they are projecting, but they are counting on the idea that they will be able to recruit that amount of students. So it's not something that it's already a fact. This is something that they are expecting so for that I say that it's still in the wishing list. Let's see that this to be the term later on, but this is what they are projecting and, of course, in such presentation thing has to look very appealing coming to this district, because I know many folks feel how you know the district feels about spaces, especially in that area, which is it's not a commercial area very I would say residential, but the fact is that there was another school in there so complaining, maybe for folks that may be complaining and turn up delivering Stu I mean dropping a student and things like that. Well, that's something already that was an existence, so they only had 150 students when, but that's 900 students. Well, maybe it would be, but for me personally, I take it as a wishing list. Okay, so we have that new set of information provided by Osa. That is 900 people, and we have a preoccupation of all the students who use in the park at once. So that's something that we should keep in mind for any future. I want to also at last that is so far they've been successful in Holland and Kent's ridge. You know it makes me think that probably the services or the kind of services that they are projecting to providing Washington high, perhaps might be successful as well, but you know, let's see what happens, but more to call is going to be in our meaning, because I'm going to make sure that more details will be done. The minutes you know and a very descriptive things or all matters, so we can follow up on the on of that project. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Faye for keeping them honest, Ariel Next report on housing and human services. I had a question for sure. Oh who was that Domingo yeah faith. So thank you. My thing is understanding that you know how it is when schools don't offer Iep, especially for a community that has so many students that have been who are who have who need Iep services and other special education services. My biggest concern and something I say to add to it is usually in December they wrote all those kids usually get kicked out of these charter schools to attend public schools, because schools will start saying they don't have the services. Are they bringing in students from all over the city, because that's one of the trends that a lot of these charter schools have is that they'll start like saturating these schools with students that are not necessarily from that direct community? So I think that, like just recruitment strategy and also understanding that there are, this district has a heavy population of students who have IEPS and aren't special education? Are they even interested in incorporating that into their schools offerings? Sir? Can you upgrade Maria Luna? This is it's a nice executive committee aussie, so the Migo I believe that they are willing to accept a student from every borrower to begin with, as long as they can come up with that number I also wanted to mention in that particular. You know a topic about the special education, the Iep individualized education. Basically so I mentioned the Dr Acosta, who is basically one of the main figure, and that is cool. Is that I understand that this is one of the requirement by New York state that school provides. You know a school. The school provides students with. How do you call it school supposed to have that kind of a system of that kind of problem, just crafted for a student with a special needs, but unfortunately they say that they don't provide that and I'm not sure about what I read in her expression. It's something that she probably not sure or she disagreed but they're, not providing that in a way. Okay, thanks, why my New York state all righty? Thank you. I just want to make a couple of quick points. Okay, number, one I! Think for the record. We should note that when the Amber charter school began in the 1990s, the intention was for to be located and to serve Washington heights, and then it moved elsewhere, expanded East Harlem in the Bronx Faye, when you say that they're leasing, the building I, think we should probably note that the money is actually coming out of the DOE budget, that it does obligated to pay the rental for the charter schools unless they're being co-located in existing school buildings. And the last thing I want to say is that what I understand what they said at the meeting is that they intend to use the park not just for recess, but also for sports activities, which the park is not suited for and so I think. This is a discussion that the parks department is gonna have to have with them, because that's gonna be a problem, but we can't they're. You know the lawns would not survive sustained activity by kids, using it for sports and let alone hundreds of kids, maybe using it for recess that would that was not the case with the Northeastern Academy. So that is a significant change. Well and one other thing that I didn't want to berbatize it, but I'm going just to say, since you brought up that issue, I'm thinking and sometime when next year, we need to call up this, to revise the conversation again to see exactly where they are because most of the things that they say or the projection that they have and kind of the you know the student recruitment and the programs and bringing them to the park and all that kind of stuff. I think all this remain and limbo to me. This is like a wishing of, but I don't think that is any structural necessarily program that they have already. You know in place. I'm not sure this is me and speculating and I think that bringing a conversation, perhaps between parks and the Youth Education Committee and parking that might be like three three-way conversation, and you know if we can unify the committees and start you know preparing in advance exactly what is it that they are going to provide the community with I. Think that would be an interesting conversation. So we can sat on the floor or we can. You know how do you go? We can get organized to deliver the community exactly what is it that they are going to provide the community with what is the services with because right now again it's to me it's a wishing list. Okay, I think and I'm a big advocate of having presentations on the general meeting, because I think we put so much of the workload on chairs when we don't assist to the committee. Are they the local or individual presentation meetings? Because then we have so many different questions that maybe the chair was not able to ask herself or himself so I. Think if you may warrant for another presentation, faith, something that we might have to discuss later. I'm sure that they're willing to come back I, don't think they have an issue with coming back. Allow me just to say this very last thing considering the situation in turn of the environment, the comedy and all this thing that is going on. We remain hopeful. That thing is going to change, hopefully in a positive manner by next year, but I think that might be an influential factor. What would be the? What is at the horizon? You know next year for that, how thing is going to? Are we going to be facing of the thing about the situation that we are living now? Things are going to be better or going to be worse, because this all depends on that as well. So it's just. We have to wait to see exactly what is going to happen, because that's something that I really considering already thank you, Ariel hi, everyone we're gonna, keep on track tonight, so I didn't want to just drop that, but I had to drop it. So three minutes thanks all right. So pretty much. There were two issues that came before the committee this past month, one of those being Dhs's involvement, really with the oversight of space that was essentially taken from the welfare Development Services Organization Phil Zablocki, who is the attorney who's been working alongside them for quite some time presented his findings from both the previous years as well as what's happened since then. Adding into the information about the FOIL request, freedom of information acts requests for information from the department of Homeless services, as well as the parts department, and then lastly, we had tried to start a conversation that was in relation to the shelter that's been brought up. We have not necessarily been receiving much information about this, and so I felt that it was probably more appropriate to try and wait until we could get in contact with the individuals that are supposed to be servicing this site. They have apparently chosen 3966 10th avenue as this site. We have not heard anything at this time from DHS about this. We recently just received an email from a gentleman named Miguel, who is apparently going to be serving as the director of community relations on behalf of the organization, which is called BRC that is supposed to be operating at this site, and I've spoken to Eli Assad about this already. We are working together to try and put forward a response. We are looking to try and work on getting a public, or rather a virtual town hall at this time, so that the community can really weigh in on their concerns, specifically being that it is right next to a school. It is underneath the tracks. You know we have not just received any information at this time, so we need to build out a relationship with the department of Homeless services. So that is my main goal and if anyone has questions, I'm happy to answer within the minute left. What is it that would go? I, don't understand what would go to 39 66 10 avenue? What would be done there? So there's a proposed shelter that we had pretty much just learned about Miguel just sent his first email to both Elliot Saturn and I. To tell us that you know this was one of the. This is something that's been ongoing for some time, they're, actually in the middle of the purchasing process. To add to this I should note. They have apparently found out the site. Formerly was a burial ground for those individuals that had been enslaved in our community years ago. So there is there's a lot to, of course, unpack and I'm trying to do justice within our short time frame. Right here. Discuss this, but I do want to offer individuals the opportunity to reach out to me. I do want to work with everyone on this matter. I'd like to open the floor to a few questions. Let's see your hand up thanks. We don't really have to do this here, but I yell, there's I would love to have a conversation with you about some of the work that we did in the parks and Cultural Affairs Committee around memorializing, the african-american and native american burial grounds, and just so that you don't have to reinvent the wheel. We've got some information on that I know. The borough president's office included that in some of the asks of EDC around the inward rezoning, so there's just a lot of stuff and probably most of it you know, but just in case you don't have ready access to all that. I'm happy to just highlight it for you, so you don't have to do work. That's already been done, thanks, Liz. Thank you. Anyone else great work Liz, yes, thank you just gonna start a timer for myself. So yes, as you mentioned at the beginning of the meeting, we had a wonderful ribbon cutting for the adventure playground in Highbridge park at Amsterdam at 164th street. It's beautiful you should go. You don't have to be a child to enjoy it as to this because, as you saw, I gave this run, it was a blast yeah. We know the weekend before. I went to a wonderful cleanup event, hosted by Jolanda Pineda and connectemonos they're, the folks who are working to really reclaim for the community. Some abandoned D.O.E property behind g-dubs at the curve of Fort George Hill they're, trying to turn hello, cutie pie, they're, trying to turn it into a community garden and they've gotten a lot of support from parks from New York restoration project and from the community at large. It's amazing this afternoon, I went to the latest installation of the Audubon mural project, which this time, rather than being a mural, is a mosaic. It is, you should pardon the expression, a gorgeous mosaic, it's on the northwest corner of 163rd and Broadway. Definitely check it out if anybody knows of any walls. That would be good for painting this weekend with more birds from the Audubon mural project hit me up not now offline, so that I can connect you with avi, because he's got paint he's got time and the weather is going to be great. This weekend there will be a bald eagle watch in Inwood, Hill parks meet Dikeman and Henshaw Saturday at 9:00 am I, encourage everybody who's interested in all of the things that are happening in various committees, to please attend other people's committees and also read other committee minutes so that you can be briefed on what happened in meetings that you may have missed. At our last meeting on Tuesday, we had an incredible conversation around the renaming of Bennett Park I, encourage you to read the minutes when I have them available tomorrow, we're working towards building consensus around what it might be called, but, quite interestingly, there was there were zero people. We had 91 people at the meeting and there were zero people who opposed the idea of renaming Bennett Park James Gordon Bennett, having been an avowed racist secessionist who opposed Lincoln and opposed the civil war. So look to see more in future meetings and we'll have a reso in maybe January or February, and I'm out Liz I think you mentioned questions yeah I think Liz meant to say that adventure playground is on Edgecomb Avenue I did I, said: Amsterdam didn't I my bad eggs. Come any questions. No once twice this thanks. Thank you Wayne! Oh thank Eliezer. So we had two agenda items and some items of old business. The first item was actually a holdover from the prior meeting and that was with Diego Robillo of the historic districts council discussing the efforts Hdc is undertaking to promote historic preservation from a cultural perspective in under represented communities, and that initiative, you know, really was focused in the Bronx, and you know, based on the work that was done to engage community residents who typically were not focused on issues of historic preservation in the Bronx they're. Looking to expand that initiative to upper Manhattan as well, there is an event they are hosting on the 16th of this month, which Hdc would like assistance getting the word out. I actually received an email from Diego today and we'll share that with the office, so they can help get. The word out assuming Al Taylor was also in attendance at the land use meeting and also offered to get the word out there and what's interesting is since September I think each month we've dealt with some item that deals with preservation, so it is I think useful to have an that's organizat, that's working to get community residents who typically may not be in the loop on these issues involved. We then had a presentation by the Department of City planning on a zoning text. Amendment focused on coastal flood resiliency and you may recall that last year we dealt with not the text amendment per se, but the scoping for the edis. So this is the actual zoning text amendment. We were a little miffed because the zoning text amendment went out for public comment in late October and we only got a presentation. This month and the deadline for comment is the 28th of this month. However, you know we were told that the chair of city planning will continue to accept comments in January, and we said the best that we can do is to have land use, pass a resolution at its January meeting and perhaps to have the exec committee. You know vote on it at that time. It is simply ridiculous that you know a month passed before they touch base with us to do a presentation. We also got an update on 857 Riverside drive and you know there are. There continue to be issues with both the building department. Once again, Al Taylor has taken the bull by the horn and is approaching the mayor's office. Some of the issues pertaining to the landmark designation that LPC has rejected out of hand but rejected out of hand. You know, in everyone's opinion, without giving the matter any serious consideration, and that's it for me pretty good. The floor is open for questions to the presentation of our friend Wayne Benjamin. Your presentation is so great that no one ever says anything well. I won't exactly say that, but you know is this Steve Simon yeah, the Health Department Data, released today shows increasing positivity rates in three of our four zip codes. Zip code 40 is at 6.30 percent as zip code 32. Is it 5.34 zip code 33 at 5.08, zip code 34 is at 5.46 but has actually declined since I gave a report a week ago at my committee meeting. But it's still, you know all four zip codes are significantly above the city-wide average, although they're not as high as some communities in other boroughs, which are over 10 percent. But this is the first time I've seen more than 100 positive cases in this. In two of our zip codes, 32 and 33 had 137 and 113 positive cases respectively, and we had 100. We had 417 overall in our community, which is the highest number of positive cases that I can walk recall, seeing certainly since April at least so the trend is not going in the right direction and we need to be very careful in how we take care of ourselves. I personally got a test this morning at the District health center. At 168th street, it's very easy to get an appointment on the website. You can also get tested at the hybrid Rec center at Amsterdam and 173rd street, and up into Nagel and Dykeman Health and hospitals also has a location there, and I'm told that the service at these other two locations is also very good and I got a response right away here today that I'm negative, so it no longer takes four or five days to get a response. At my committee meeting, we also had a an hour present. Our annual presentation by the medical director of the HIV infectious disease clinic at the hospital I think. The most important thing he told us is that his clinic patients had 22 deaths in the last nine months, which is significantly higher than what they've experienced in the past and we're gonna he's gonna come back in the next three to six months, to give us a longer presentation on how the hospital is dealing with this issue. The fireworks resolution that I mentioned at the last meeting, I'm still working on and I hope to have it ready to give to the pass on to the Public Safety Committee for its meeting in January. The corner project has informed me that they're putting a hold on their application to place the five trailers on Amsterdam Avenue they're revising their plans, and they will be back in touch with me when they're ready to do a public hearing at some point. I guess early next year, maybe and finally I just want to mention that I'm trying to arrange for DEP to do a presentation at my January meeting of the inward drainage plan, which they were obligated to devise in response to the inward rezoning. Thank you Steve. Any questions. Yeah I have a question Steve. Do you feel that do you feel that there's a direct correlation between the increase in numbers with the accessibility of testing? Now because it seems like there's a lot of different testing sites throughout the entire community? So yeah? What do you think I have a question? Well, yeah I mean you know it could very well be that the raw numbers are increasing, but what you have to be concerned about is the positivity rate, and so the fact that our positivity rate is going up is jumping up by percentage points. I think that's an issue, so you know and I don't know that that's a result necessarily of having more testing sites. You know, I, don't know, I'm not an expert on this. All I can do is look at the numbers. I have a question. Don't have that? Thank you. Steve help me to understand something that I have not been able to comprehend, but is bugging me to no end, so how exactly they can predict a particular zip code that is going to be this huge amount of copy. You know a presence. For example, my Zico has been one of those that has been already forecast that is going to have the highest rate of this pandemic. So I help me to understand this, because I really feel that I don't know how they can predict this. Well, these are not predictions. This is data based on what I. Just read off is data based on the seven day period between December, the 1st and December the 7th. So it's it. It's not a prediction. It's based on the actual testing. That's taken place during that seven day period. So- and you know some- you know a week ago, our worst zip code was 34. this week, our worst zip code is 40. So it's there is some fluctuation, but these are not predictions. No, but allow me to say this before they came up with this result. They were saying in advance because I heard it I read it that Zico, 33, 40 and so forth are going to be highly impacted. That's in the future. So now is the present and exactly you're just reporting on that, so how they could say that they were able to say that you know in advance. Well, I think I have not seen that you know what I'm saying well if they said something like that, it would have been based, I assume on the trend, as they were looking at going back several weeks and whatever they were. Probably looking at the trends and the trends in our zip codes have been going up from you know from week to week, I'm looking right now at early November. You know zip code 34, for instance, was it 1.86 that you know today? It's at you know three times that at the 5.46, so that they're, probably looking at trends and the trends in the in basically all of our zip codes, except for this, like flight fluctuation for Zipcode, 34. they've been increasing in each reporting period. Thank you, Steve, but I think I need an airplane to help me land it to this. Thank you thanks. Any other questions. No Mary Anderson Dear Mary. Yes, thank you, Steve. Thank you very much. Our meeting on first on the third of December last week, Thursday was we were supposed to have a presentation from Carmen De La Rosa, which could not happen she's unable to attend. So we have her rescheduled for our January meeting, which will be January 7th at 10:30 in the morning. What we're trying to encourage is to see is that the senior center directors try to reach out to their clients who join this meeting, even if it's by phone, so that they can listen at least to the presentation we're trying to reach out and see. You know how we can get the seniors in the community involved. They don't want tablets because they don't know how to use them and it's difficult for them to learn how to use them, and some of them don't have Wi-Fi available. So you know it all cycles, but you know we're trying our best to figure out how to get them involved. There was also a lot of discussion about the vaccine and how the Aids and committee can be involved with the hospitals and nursing homes from the community, including the possibility, as time goes on with tabling, and you know assisting at the doing what we can. You know, flyers assisting at the locations where they will be giving out the vaccines so probably we'll be investing we'll be working together with the health and Environment Committee to be able to something of that nature in the future. When it begins to happen, talked a bit about the senior centers, there was supposed to be an RFP that was supposed to be put out today by Vista. It did not happen, but there's no prediction of when they're going to be open, not necessarily open their doors to clients but to be able to provide even grab-and-go meals or anything like that. There's nothing happening of that nature. Now. All of the interventions that are being done is through phone calls with their clients and everybody on staff, and each of the senior centers is making numerous phone calls every day to reach out and help them as needed. That's about it! Thank you. I have one Mary, how's Fern center doing he said open partially open. How are they functioning they're functioning by telephone? One of the senior centers is having clients that they need to apply for benefits and if they can, they come to the center, but the social worker meets them outside. They can not come into the facility. Oh gosh, how are the seniors getting lunch through the city? There's they've all been, you know, everybody! Everyone, that's able- or you know that, wants that needs the food or wants the food. They are referred to the city. You know, meals on wheels, kind of thing and they all provided food that they needed. Okay, it's good to know, yeah all right. Our next Debbie I've already reported a little while ago. She's not gonna, be able to make it today. So Curtis can I just say one very quick thing for traffic and transportation. I did speak with Debbie one of the things. That's a spillover from the possibility of renaming Bennett Park is also a discussion about renaming Bennett Avenue. So there was a brief discussion of that at the traffic transportation committee meeting and when I had spoken with Debbie. She said that since parks and cultural affairs is already having really robust conversation about that, they're gonna take a look at what's happening in that conversation and then see what, if anything, should be happening through traffic and transportation, rather than having one conversation in two different places. Thanks for the update all right, thank you all. This past month we had a very productive meeting. I'll start with the future and then I'll work our way backwards. So our next meeting in January we're hoping to have a representative from the fdmy to come in and present on the inoperable fire hydrant issue that we've been discussing at our community for the past few months, getting a better assessment on. What's operable, what's not operable what that situation is with the FDNY we reached out one of my community members I she reached out and we discovered that there's been a staffing change with one of our local Fd and FDNY community affairs person. I did share that name and email address with the office to be added to our mailing list, so they are no longer absent from our meetings. We are also hoping to discuss at our January meeting the joint resolution with Steve's committee on the firework mitigation plan. That's going to be a joint result, and last but not least, we are in preliminary discussion discussions on having a forum or many different discussions for the past few over the next few months. On our you know, priorities for the Public Safety Committee and one of the big priorities. For me personally is to have a panel or hearing or public meeting on the idea of what it means to redefine public safety. It's been something we've discussed for several months now at our community and we've been tackling a lot of those issues involving the redefinition of what it means to be a public safety committee. So I'm hoping that we can further those conversations along and start organizing a public meeting for the month of February that will be composed of community leaders and advocates not elected officials, community activists and other representatives who can come and speak and share their ideas and what it means to reimagine and redefine public safety. My mind in my mind, I, imagine also maybe collaborating with maybe education Committee, maybe Housing Committee Health Committee, because so much of redefining public safety involves so many more committees than just the Public Safety Committee. So that's that we also had a very vibrant discussion on the les Smort campaign, which is a legislative effort to remove technical parole violations from the from our state legislate policy, and we pass the resolution that we are going to be presenting to the board. Next week, on what on that legislation, legislative change and effort? That concludes my report. I hear you Steve had a question yeah, let me Curtis. Let me just say that I also want to work with you on the fire hydrant issue. The FDNY uses the fire hydrants and checks on their status, but they have to be repaired by DEP. So to the extent that you get a report about how many and how many fire hydrants are out of service I, let's work on getting Bt to repair them. Okay, we'll certainly I'll, show you I'll share what they sent me so far. Okay. My second question is: what is it that you're wearing this is a floral hoodie Steve, it's almost winter, I'm trying to make florals popular and you know in the winter. You know all right, very good. All right, I believe in flowers is your. What are you a medium or small? Send him one? I'm not gonna answer that question publicly. Okay, so Dominguez I believe you're next yeah. So we had a pretty good presentation from Yumez the uptown upper Manhattan empowerment zone. Blair just went on, provided us with some resources or a program that his organization is offering. We are basically planning for January to have our stakeholders roundtable one of some of the well one of the concerns that was constantly raised by a lot of the small businesses that came to our committee was this communication pipeline, so it was always difficult by the time they got the information. It was either too late or there was erroneous information shared. So we want to partner up with local organizations to make sure that the message the messaging is correct, but also start developing communication pipelines amongst the various organizations working with small businesses and yeah we'll be presenting on that, and that was our monthly meeting yeah any. Would you like to expand on the Micro loan roll out and, if there's any follow-up meetings, and how do you plan on yeah, so basically I had a follow-up meeting with Blair I believe yesterday or two days ago, it's just a matter like I, said again of thinking about key stakeholders and developing strategic marketing plans so that we could be able to reach out to as many businesses as possible and just making sure that there are there's communications amongst the various organizations that are providing support to a lot of the small businesses. But we just need to be able to increase the effort of communication so that everybody is able to be helped during these turbulent times. Okay, great any questions. No, you see Drone Medina licensing, so we met this past Wednesday yesterday. As a matter of fact, we had a tour of only one as a was a full equal license and that one in particular was a revisit. Apparently they missed on the data submitted that resolution that was passed by the community for some time ago, so they had to resubmit once again, so they came on board and it was approved after that there were only three other one. Nba licenses, nothing complicated. We had a great meeting very grateful for the team, so there was nothing major at all. We do have two lieutenants reporting to the license committee. One is Lieutenant Tavares from the 34th prison he's new and also lieutenant sambrano from authoritarian prison is awesome, so we had a great meeting and that's basically it I will share the minutes which I will have to write and the resolutions I want to work on that overnight. So I'll get it on you'll, see it on the report at the General Board game. That's basically it well! If you were bored now, you're gonna have something to have fun with call me if you need help questions. Thank you, Austin questions, no! Okay. So on our next report, Steve, do you know whether the chipotle that just opened up at Broadway in 157th Street? Did it get a liquor license? You know we voted against it. Did they get a liquor license, I'm not sure if they got a Bmy license. I would not be a political licensed, but I'm not sure the amounts of that question and the one that's been in the press lately about all the rats at 168 1693. Does it have a liquor license, I'm not sure to be honest with you. I have not been there. Oh yeah I don't know another 168, they don't have a liquid. The 10157 does not have a liquor license yet either I went there a few days ago. All right, thank you. Okay, yeah do they have rats like the one on 168th street? Not yet, hopefully, could you see that article yeah yay tonight on our next report? What we are going to have is to have nobles Crawford, our wonderfully I can't even describe nobles, but he's going to talk to us about the nomination, the elections and mainly nobles, I'm going to open up the floor for you to take over on the platform that we are going to use for. The elections, which is I think, is critical that he gives us three minutes of his time. He was with his family and he took the time to be here tonight. So noble's four is yours: three things: hey. Can you guys hear me yeah, awesome, yeah, so I'll, I'm just gonna, explain technically, because I know y' all voted on the amendment tonight. Thank you very much for passing it. I'm just gonna, explain technically what the virtual system will be like, which will be tailored to the easiest lowest common denominator. Type of technological engagement I can possibly make it so low barriers of entry, but I will be emailing out a guide to what we're going to be like using and then also alternative ways of voting within, like the time period of voting just to make sure folks have options, and we just get that out front immediately. Obviously, contact information will be in there. They can reach out to myself or Jonathan. Who will be working with me on this, and maybe we can answer questions before we even get into the vote. So we know what to expect first and foremost, but for you guys tonight, I do want to explain the virtual voting system, because I know there's been questions of. Is it up a vote or is it going to be survey monkey? And if you probably remember I mentioned something during the last general meeting, where you know we found that there was like a I'm, not gonna, say a glitch and up a vote, but it's not it's an option that prevents us from allowing people to vote for multiple people, and so we had to find an alternative and we do have one. It's Surveymonkey I was talking with Jim earlier in the process and it doesn't seem like there's anything against using Surveymonkey, especially now that we have the amendment that you guys just passed. I'm pretty sure a lot of folks are familiar with that platform, so at least there's that going for us, which is good but on it, allows us to do the vote. The way we need to where it's only one vote for one person when there's you know multiple people for a position it is accessed by link. But here's the thing, the challenge that we're gonna have and I guess we found this out the last time we did an election which is for Rosie or assistant secretary, is that people, some people, don't have the proper email registered with the office, and so, if you guys saw on my note about voting that went out a couple days ago, and thank you for your patience on that it was just a lot getting out, but it's out, I haven't read on there to please check your email with the office to make sure we have your current email, that's going to be important, so it would help me if you guys were to spread that word. Just have people check in with the office be like hey is this the email you have on file and if it's not with Paola and Ebenezer, and if it's not, we can change it because that's going to be the email, we're going to use to email out the link to the voting system. Now, addressing the conversation of transparency when it comes to you know the knowing who voted for whom I'm still working on that there are solutions to it. There's a few different options, but I do want to talk to Jonathan a little bit more, so I don't have a report for you guys on that, but rest assured it will be in the email for the guide and I will adjust that there so give me a little bit of patience there, but when it comes to tallying- and you know, verification making sure that it's the person's ballot, there are checks in that there's. A mandatory field where you do have to enter your name before you can vote so that will certainly be tallied. Now when it comes to the process of the nominating committee and how we're going to do a breakout room and zoom, I'm still confirming that technology, but I'm pretty sure we have it because of the level of zoom we have. The nominating committee will break out into a different room on zoom. If anything, we'll just use a different link, all right and then that's where we're going to tally. The votes- I'm sorry, am I. I'm way over time. Oh yeah, because I know you're not looking at the screen. I know you're, not looking at the stream any questions before we move on to Richard Allman and then Colette yeah I want to be as thorough as possible. Okay, so you see it all. I have my hand up, but I can't raise it and then Wayne, okay, so great job nobles, very proud of the work that you and your team have done. I think that I'm looking forward to see you working at different levels in this community board I do want to say a word about diversity. We should have a diversity of gender race and ideas on this community board at the leadership level. I will hope that we think and take that into consideration when we vote for different members in the community. The better diversified that we will be as a community will work much better together. So I hope that you do take that into consideration, because we have moved away from some difficult issues. We have dealt with those issues, but we should also improve on how we integrate this executive committee within the community board. Thank you no responsibility. Thank you so much for those words to see Joe, absolutely first class yeah. So shifting completely when you send out the link, the question is: does the community vote office intend to send out a test email with the link to ensure that it gets to everyone, and, in my case anytime, there's a message that comes to me from a brand new email address? It automatically goes to my spam. Filter and I have to go to the spam filter, find that message and add it to my contacts, which means the subsequent email will go directly to my inbox. So if there is a test email that's sent prior to when we're going to have to use it in the meeting, that will give me time and probably others time to actually set up our system so that when it's ready to go, it comes directly to us. I, absolutely love that suggestion. Let's do this in order to do that. We have to put a time limit on when people can get us the email that they use. So let's say we can get the word out either we do like an email out or you know we text people. We talk to people, you know between the 18 of us on this call and let them know to look out for an email from the office to verify their email. That gets checked like by Saturday or something I'll send out the voting guide to that email that we have on system just to check. So if people didn't get the voting guide, which we'll probably find out just through the grapevine of course, that means that their email isn't just like the second gate right and then the third gate's just going to have to be the day of the election. So it's going to be three checks. Basically, three emails and, of course, on the election it'll be like: did everyone receive the ballot? I'm gonna try to get the ballot out actually in the very beginning, so that way, it'll give us time. If people didn't receive it, we can either verify that their email is actually in the system or we can figure out if it's a technical difficulty. We have to go to one of the other options that we voted in the amendment for tonight. Does that sound like it would not leave people behind, but thank you for that suggestion. Sorry I wanted to add I thought to make it easier, because the office routinely stands out when folks get appointed the board directory, so you can get the latest one from Paola or Chanel and I thought, maybe in the guide, just a suggestion that we can plug in all of the emails that are already registered because we all get the directory anyway, with folks it's numbers and address, and all that, but this time just putting their name and their email and when they get the guide having them. You know that is the record that they were sent and informed, and then obviously, if that's not the email they're using, then we can edit that I, just and I say that, just because in the past you know we every month we kind of reiterated to folks and because we have limited time, I thought you know. Maybe that's just one way and then the other thing I would just say to be mindful around, and this is really a gym thing. The ballots have to get handed out when we're technically an executive session at the when the nominations start right. No also, the whole thing is public, except that the voting itself will be via the app, so people won't find out who voted for home until the next morning. But everything else is public, no I, I'm. What I'm saying is in terms of if it gets sent at the beginning of the meeting right like right when we have quorum versus so we would have to wait till we perform I, believe I covered that and nobles wasn't here. So it's good that you brought it up. The actual links to the voting system can only be sent out once we take attendance when the voting begins, because we can only send the links to the people who are in attendance at the meeting at that time. Now you can send out test emails and stuff to make sure you have the right email, but the actual links can only go out to the people who are entitled to vote and they have to be present at the meeting electronically at the time. The vote begins all right, so somebody's gonna have to go. Somebody's gonna have to go through the list, then, and pull the ones of the people who are absent yeah. Well, we could do this by just taking attendance with oc at the very beginning and we can email it out like literally seconds after we have it a roll call, and we can also take the attendance from the signings from zone from the zoom. The printer I just altered that right. So it's important that we update and that's something that we should send in the email novels as a suggestion that people update their emails, that the office has on the database is Chris. Oh yeah, that's what I yeah there's! Definitely a system for that. It's the one that I explained to Wayne, but I just want to go back to one thing. That Katherine said because it's really interesting Catherine is there a way that I can get a list of the people that voted up a vote for Rosie's assistant for the special election for assistant secretary, because then I can see, folks that you know that is the verification of their email and I can figure out who or the other 50 don't have it and then check in and do that. Evidencer can send you that tomorrow morning, Catherine doesn't have a copy of that. Okay, any questions I had a question. I think that you can use the same email that Paola is sending all the members to log into this meeting to the general meeting, I mean to say that maybe one indication the other thing about the role call I. Don't think and Jim you can correct me: I, don't think it's gonna be right for me to do the first roll call just to see that is related to the you know to the election. We can do roll calls whenever we want no need to do it. I, don't think it's right for me to do the roll call for the election. That's basically administrative and you know I mean that we can figure out, but on some level it doesn't matter who does it because we'll get one roll call and then we'll use it? But again the final roll call has to be done right before we send out the links to the voting platform. I don't see a conflict if Oc is doing the roll call I don't either. I'm also happy to help eyeball the panelists list to make sure like who's actually still in the meeting. If that's useful, to have another set of eyes, but can we please move this agenda because this is kind of community work and staff work all right, cool nobles? Thank you very much. Thank you for bringing it up to date, Mr Allman, to report Richard Holman. You owe me yourself this time. Okay, we can hear you yeah. We can hear you Richard, oh I, unmuted I thought I was heard. There is no report at this time. Okay, great! So that's our meeting that before we go because I know that some of us are anxious to go and do all the things up to our request. Columbia University has agreed to send Dr David Ho Dr Ho is the time magazine person of the year 1996 and he is a person who developed the HIV cocktail to help to deal with HIV. Okay, so he's going to be in the general meeting and he's going to talk to us about an article that came out on July 23rd 2020, of course, related to how Covid-19 paste Covid-19 can be treated from the same people who are exposed to the disease and the vaccine itself. So Mr Dr Ho, it's gonna, be probably a presentation, 10:15 10 to 15 minutes with a Q&A as well. So if you guys have any questions that you'd like to send in prior to or maybe researching, I will be more than happy to do so that he'd be prepared to answer as many questions that we have Alice I love the idea. Thank you so much of having not only having him as a presenter, but also inviting committee inviting board members to send their questions in advance. So he can roll them into his presentation. I would respectfully request that we not have a Q&A afterwards, that we provide, or have a very brief Q&A designed for the so that the whole presentation is 15 minutes, because it's a fascinating subject- and we could totally have a two-hour meeting on just that. But we have a whole meeting and a bunch of resources and an election. That's going to be cumbersome and time-consuming, so I would really love to not have you know to have his presentation, be 12, minutes, long, two questions or 15 minutes and no questions and yeah. Those suggestions that will reach out to Cumcc get them to give us the title of what the specifically the specific title of the presentation and have them give us an email, contact, email or some email that we can send questions. But members of the public shouldn't be sending questions to him in advance. We should gather that from the board. You know tomorrow and Monday and send it to him, so he can roll it in great thanks. Does anyone else have anything else? To add to this extremely timed meeting that we just had no promotion to adjourn the meeting second great night? Thank you.