And I said you know what those are, the people that should not get a respirator when they need one, No. And I'm thinking.
You, remember, Jason Compton, our previous former Business Development Committee chair and two pilot testings on Georgia and Gw, High, School and Manhattan center for math and science are going to be the two pilot test, centers that we'll be having until tomorrow, December, 11th.
This is the resolution that we will pass right before we vote at the general meeting.
That will enable us to vote at the general meeting, but I had a thought to share with you now what we did as you know, and then at my well, no matter whose idea it was, but we created all of these accommodations for board members who are not good at this kind of thing.
We can keep them there anyway, because the and the way I think it would work is basically we would expect and as people become more confident with this stuff, of course the problem will go away, but a person will come back to us and said I tried the voting, app.
Because I can imagine very easily of like, while I voted, I sent it to Paola versus no, It's supposed to be sent to the nominating chair or a specific committee, So I would want us to kind of discuss specifying that.
Basically, when the voting occurs and then we'll use the current chair, you know, nobles would say if you want to vote by fax, you must use this number, but then we'd have to have somebody buy the fax machine.
You know the committee will determine at the time the voting begins.
If, you don't mind, it's not superfluous, because we have to have a resolution, a change in the bylaws to allow remote voting and by the way, the other thing is.
You know we do don't do our elections by voice vote, because we don't want to hurt feelings so, but that would be necessary if the person can't vote in any other manner.
Unless anyone has the questions, I'd like you to just present the resolution, so we can vote on it.
So I will now ask for a vote of the executive committee on presenting this resolution to amend the bylaws at the general meeting on Tuesday.
A lot of hard work, Chris, Noble's, She's, incredibly committed, and you know the hard work he's putting into making sure that we go into this new reality, this new way of doing as administrative and how our board has been taking, having a lead on that nobles I.
And, as you know, the Gen, The DC service cabinet meeting gonna, take place a week from today, not too much to report.
You know giving the support for the this new election way that we're gonna have this year.
Perhaps when you go to the cabinet meeting you if you see a representative either from DHS or DSS, if we can request that someone gets essentially back in touch with the board, specifically with our committee, because we'd like to try and begin starting a conversation about the relationship between just the services they offer in the community and what was going to be happening here at the community.
All I wanted to say is that when it comes to send the announcement to the community about community meetings, I would like to see at least for my community.
In, fact, Debbie and much of the committee was horrified the other night when we used Webex it didn't work, particularly well, but again it's totally vulnerable to being bombed by you know bad actors.
You know, I've declined to run for another term as treasurer, but want to thank the office staff for all their efforts in support of the board, Business and I want to wish the next treasurer all the very best and encourage our district manager to support their efforts to the greatest extent.
The next report from the secretaries, okay, so I still don't get information for the committees from the office, even though I think Paola and Chanel divided like who is managing the attendance and is supposed to send it to me.
Then we're gonna, finish, up, wrap up the report and then Jim. You I would like to have your opinion based on exactly specifically what the bylaws says.
I, think it'd be good and just to kind of sum it up right for Rosie and you to meet with Paola to decide, and you can see me on that email just to kind of like decide that checklist of what that could look like and finalize.
But, based on what I read to you in just for the general meetings, not including the committees, There are a few that I feel deserves to get a letter.
We already in the board office have standard letters that we send to people with bad attendance, right.
Like it's two or three months, and then they get a letter and the other issue which I think Liz described well.
Probably after four months of never showing up, You know before he got to voting and whenever it was, we should have sent him a letter.
It becomes critically important and I believe liaison your copied on the emails that I've been sending around recently to get the attendance reports from those meetings, and you know, with zoom.
I had not been able to get a report for the people who attended the December, 2nd land use meeting.
If I can respond to that sure, But let me say: Steve you may want to try and mute yourself, then we're getting a lot of background noise from the at some point, though, I had raised my hand when Gerard was giving his report.
There are lots of changes we can make of the bylaws and that's why at some point we will get a new bylaws task force or there are probably other ways of amending the bylaws too, and the sorts of things that you are suggesting you know certainly can be put into the biologists.
The right after the meeting is to send a quick email to the whole committee, see seeing the staff saying this is what we think the attendance was for this evening.
I do at least want to publicly thank him for trying to set up a transparent system in which the board would keep track of its finances, and let us know how much money we've spent and how much money might be available for reallocation.
However, how, Whichever way you want to do the role I'm like I, suggesting to do roll call in the beginning of every meeting committee meeting, If it's not it, then what lease suggests fine.
However, whichever way I can get it in, that will be great, but I just want to make sure that what we said is that we're sending two letters or doing two phone calls.
Like I said one has been attending my meeting.
I, can't really tell you in a very concise season, precisely way among some of the information that they have provided, but I know that it was kind of challenging for many of the folks, especially when it comes to a special education and the fact that there are things that remains in limbo.
I, also understood that they have a another presentation with the parking and traffic you know committee, but other than that.
I would say that we exactly not sure, especially in my case, that I grasp, like the whole concept of you, know and turn off having been coming into the community.
What is that the full agenda that they are really are considering for their students, but I think that there is still a lot of information that you know to be revealed and disrespect.
It is not, in my mind, right now, but and yes, They are coming to the community and, as you know, that they used to be on 187 street a few years, ago.
This is my report, questions from the floor, related to the presentation of Amber chatter school or anything that someone needs to like fake aussie hands.
It makes me think that probably the services or the kind of services that they are projecting to providing Washington high, perhaps might be successful as well, but you know, let's see what happens, but more to call is going to be in our meaning, because I'm going to make sure that more details will be done.
My thing is understanding that you know how it is when schools don't offer Iep, especially for a community that has so many students that have been who are who have who need Iep services and other special education, services.
The last thing I want to say is that what I understand what they said at the meeting is that they intend to use the park not just for recess, but also for sports activities, which the park is not suited.
But I'm going just to say, since you brought up that issue, I'm thinking and sometime when next year, we need to call up this, to revise the conversation again to see exactly where they are because most of the things that they say or the projection that they have and kind of the you know the student recruitment and the programs and bringing them to the park and all that kind of stuff.
And I'm a big advocate of having presentations on the general meeting, because I think we put so much of the workload on chairs.
There were two issues that came before the committee, this past month, one of those being Dhs's involvement, really with the oversight of space that was essentially taken from the welfare Development Services Organization Phil Zablocki, who is the attorney who's been working alongside them for quite some time presented his findings from both the previous years as well as what's happened since then.
We are looking to try and work on getting a public, or rather a virtual town hall at this time, so that the community can really weigh in on their concerns, specifically being that it is right next to a school.
You know we have not just received any information at this time, so we need to build out a relationship with the department of Homeless services.
I, encourage everybody who's interested in all of the things that are happening in various committees, to please attend other people's committees and also read other committee minutes so that you can be briefed on what happened in meetings that you may have missed.
However, You know we were told that the chair of city planning will continue to accept comments in January, and we said the best that we can do is to have land use, pass a resolution at its January meeting and perhaps to have the exec committee.
Since I gave a report a week ago at my committee, meeting.
I. Think that's an issue, so you know.
Well, I think I have not seen that you know what I'm saying well.
Looking at the trends and the trends in our zip codes have been going up from you know from week to week, I'm looking right now at early November, Thank, you, Steve, but I think I need an airplane to help me land.
There was also a lot of discussion about the vaccine and how the Aids and committee can be involved with the hospitals and nursing homes from the community, including the possibility, as time goes on with tabling, and you know assisting at the doing what we can.
So our next meeting in January we're hoping to have a representative from the fdmy to come in and present on the inoperable fire hydrant issue that we've been discussing at our community for the past few months, getting a better assessment, on.
Two days ago, it's just a matter like I, said again of thinking about key stakeholders and developing strategic marketing plans so that we could be able to reach out to as many businesses as possible and just making sure that there are.
If you probably remember I mentioned something during the last general meeting, where you know we found that there was like a.
So, If you guys saw on my note about voting that went out a couple days ago, and thank you for your patience on that it was just a lot getting out, but it's out, I haven't read on there to please check your email with the office to make sure we have your current email.
I. Think that I'm looking forward to see you working at different levels in this community board.
I will hope that we think and take that into consideration when we vote for different members in the community.
If people didn't get the voting guide, which we'll probably find out just through the grapevine of course, that means that their email isn't just like the second gate, right.
The actual links to the voting system can only be sent out once we take attendance when the voting begins, because we can only send the links to the people who are in attendance at the meeting at that time.
Now, you can send out test emails and stuff to make sure you have the right email, but the actual links can only go out to the people who are entitled to vote and they have to be present at the meeting electronically at the time.
It's, the one that I explained to Wayne, but I just want to go back to one thing, That Katherine said because it's really interesting Catherine is there a way that I can get a list of the people that voted up a vote for Rosie's assistant for the special election for assistant secretary, because then I can see, folks that you know that is the verification of their email.
I think that you can use the same email that Paola is sending all the members to log into this meeting to the general meeting, I mean to say that maybe one indication the other thing about the role.
I, don't think it's gonna be right for me to do the first roll call just to see that is related to the you know to the election.
That's our meeting that before we go because I know that some of us are anxious to go and do all the things up to our request.
Thank you so much of having not only having him as a presenter, but also inviting committee inviting board members to send their questions in advance.