My name is paul rengwong and welcome to the manhattan community board, 3 transportation, public safety and environment committee meeting for august 11 2020 time is now 6 33 p.m. If anybody who's on this call, could please list your name and your affiliation in the chat box that will be used for our attendance sheet.
That would be greatly appreciated is for our attendance purposes and if you choose to want to speak on a specific agenda item tonight, please also note that in the chat box- and we will close that up by seven o'clock, if you want to speak on to any agenda at this moment, I want to have all the members of the committee introduce themselves and we will go starting with the vice chair hi good evening.
Thank you, lee all right, so we're going to go right to our next agenda item, which is the presentation from the lower east side partnership with tim lachlan tim, I'm gonna, give you the floor on time.
The museum in their planning process is assuming and estimates that it will likely be residents of the five boroughs and not significant kind of influx of folks from outside of the city, but to really be able to group people effectively and to maintain that distance.
There is where we're looking at so that neck down extension would come down and it would connect to a pedestrian plaza space that is the full width of the street, allowing a little bit more space to have.
If you can imagine, you know, groups of six people, plus a tour guide, distanced starting and stopping together and then being able to efficiently walk up the street to the museum properties and still be able to stand in and around the museum, stand and stop and look at buildings and do so without having a crowding condition for those stop and end points.
There's no commercial activity in and around this area outside of what exists today on the street seat related to the open restaurant program, and there would be an elimination of muni meter parking if this proposal was approved, I'm not sure paul, there's a letter that was sent to the board and submitted by the tenement museum.
I would also just note that there has been a standing concern and it goes back to 2013, and it continues today related to traffic that is attempting to cut over to the bridge, and so we still continue to receive concern and certainly something that the museum has been concerned with, with respect to cars, making a right turn onto broome and then quickly making a left onto orchard and trying to speed up to delancey to get in and around the bridge.
This proposal, while the specific use temporary in nature to the museum's modified operations, which we anticipate will happen for the foreseeable future, will also have the added benefit of preventing that condition, and so that's really kind of forcing vehicular traffic from grand up to make that turn from allen on to delancey.
Given the fact that those you know those applications were already in play in in essence, for another use in march, we wanted to come back and discuss what we believe to be a unique kind of set of conditions that could allow that space to work in a slightly different way and importantly assess what arguably is lower east side's preeminent cultural institution in their modified operations.
If you want to sign up for potential comments on any of the agenda items, I am going to move forward with the committee for questions.
I know like the tenement museum is probably one of the only establishments on that side of the of orchard street and also on broom besides dudley's across the street.
Kanji village is an example of somebody that we would really need to to work with closely if that planning process was to move forward, just to make sure that their kind of like back of house and garbage operations could occur within you know, a modified framework.
Should you know the community board decide it's something they want to try to move forward with, to understand more about the options: okay, great thanks, yeah and I'll.
Just point out that I think that if there are concerns about how this will bottleneck traffic elsewhere, I mean the street is closed.
Very often now- and it does not seem to be impacting traffic on allen street, as far as I can tell and broome is a very broom and essex is a very dangerous intersection to begin with, so the less traffic that comes there, I think the better I mean I've almost gotten hit walking my dog there, many many times so I I support that and then the neck down extension on orchard street I mean, is pretty minimal.
So you know we're looking forward to to hearing any of those concerns today, dave crane, yeah tim.
You know there's a lot of people from the community who think this is about something different right, not necessarily about the tenement museum, but you know there's a lot of complaints coming down there about the drinking and the nightlife, and you know just basically following up on david's question, there's a there's a lot of people in greenfield.
Yes, I think there is, of course, a balance there between activity that is clearly not acceptable and outside of regulatory parameters that we have for modified operations and a difference between you know having activity of any kind on the street that is regulated and permitted.
I will get to the community in a moment, but the chat room is mainly used for attendance purposes and if you want to speak to a specific agenda item, I am going to go to the community.
That's me in the chat there's a power outage where I am and my cell phone is literally about to die, and I did not want my comments on behalf of the orchard street block association to go unheard, so I apologize for that and yeah.
You know that there's music, there's people well past 11, and this making it like officially permanent we're suffering through the open streets and god bless the restaurants.
Having their point of view heard- and I think that to your point, there are quite a few residents that do not want to see any more permanent open spaces taken over in this way.
I think that the you know there's just I guess, a distinction of programs, especially as it relates to open streets right, there's a couple different pieces of a puzzle.
I think that part of the concern and things get by together, which I could understand, is that somehow open streets is encouraging further commercial activity, especially at the orchard and broome locations.
So I I hear those concerns and- and I definitely understand them, but there's just a distinction between- I think open streets and open restaurants, and so really what we find is that the absence of vehicular traffic is preventing some other conditions that we've seen throughout the neighborhood, where we have vehicles traveling in parking and having loud music and engaging in what is illegal activity with either the consumption or sale of alcohol from their vehicles.
All we can say is that you know the normal regulatory environment for commercial activity in any type of public pedestrian space is quite significant, with respect to outreach and engagement in rfp, and so I think that that would be hopefully a you know something that there would be a process around that moving forward.
So I understand you know I'm sorry I saw andrew gilbert before who had signed on want to speak to this agenda item.
Okay, I didn't see anybody else in the community who wanted to comment on this agenda item.
There hasn't been much of an outreach and while a pedestrian, walkway and avoiding traffic jams going to to the bridge all seem very good as soon as you open up this stuff, people who, like to hang out all night, are going to be rushing in.
This question would be I I is there, somebody from d.o.t or, if not then tim is there a way of on broome street the pedestrian plaza proposal?
As tim said, you know, none of the materials have been decided and I think all of these details are yet to be determined, but I think, based on all the concerns that we're hearing today, that's certainly something that we would look at.
Oh, I was just about to see you off go right out, susan okay, so I just thought I'd mention a few things, because a lot of the things residents have brought up are huge issues that we are dealing with.
You know many years ago to to help with the yeah with the traffic situation and the museum, but I I this is going to be with us a while, and I don't think I can support this until at least next year, when this problem goes away.
Paul yeah go right ahead of me, david right now, I'm leaning towards certainly not not opening up broome street.
If you want to pull it up, that is the only thing that is representing the tenement museum outside of the presentations, but that's the only thing that is setting it up, just a reminder for everyone we're trying to show off the chat room, because we we don't use the chat room as separate conversations for committee meetings or full board meetings.
Okay, thank you so much yeah, I'm just speaking to the woman who mentioned europe first of all, most cities or a lot of them close down at midnight completely, so we stay up until four which allows that time to bleed and, like david said, you know, I've personally lived on orchard street 15 years and a lot of our residents have lived there longer.
I I know what broom street looks like at night and during the day you know we don't have a lot of space here in new york, especially in this neighborhood, and I think that having more space would mean people can spread out.
I think- and the other point I wanted to make in it sort of piggybacks on what susan says is that you know I it's hard for these restaurants and businesses to to be both serving customers and police in a lot of ways.
So I just asked that everyone has an open mind about the possibilities that we have here, rather than than you know automatically saying no or or thinking that.
Do you want to open up the motion for debate david crane go right ahead, so I've been thinking about what what to do.
Just that people understand drafts are usually come to the committee stated in a positive way and then, if we're actually going to be against it, this is when the committee will talk about what we want to do, but we we just state it as a support thing when it when someone has drafted it, but then we're back to this problem.
I always come from a place where I don't think that, as we've seen, pre-covet the absence of parking or or the the fact that there is parking or there is vehicular traffic- is going to significantly change conditions right outside of allowing for less horn honking because of for hire vehicles being able to pull over.
It's kind of hard to tell we're going to have to you know, see how things operate in the field, but I think any space would be preferable to no space to avoid a condition where there are complaints about groups and crowds during the day in the current environment.
It's completely open to traffic, but there's except, I guess, the permanent stalls that the restaurants have put out is that what happens yeah so well right now, yes, the the traffic vehicular traffic is open and all restaurant operations must cease no later than 11 p.m. So any activity that's happening on the street past 11 p.m. If it's a associated with an establishment, they're operating illegally and b, you know there are.
Obviously there is, you know, concern about street activity and and things that are occurring at night outside of open streets.
I don't know perhaps the black association rep if she is still on the call and ask a similar question like what about broome.
Do you think that part of the thing is problematic or do you believe it's the it's that the broom street is which I'm sorry I didn't mean to cut you off, which section of orchard street?
So I don't know again, what's going on in orchard and broom right now is bleeding up all over everything.
I think that the orchard street one it's it's, it's good to increase pedestrian space.
We might want to substitute it with something different instead, but I'd like to have that debated and decided david before we go to that, and sometimes just thinking about it doesn't seem to be a lot of strong support behind this resolution tonight, based on everything I'm hearing from the community and the questions concerns, I don't know if I'm pivoting the wrong way here.
Correct me, if I'm wrong here, david about seeing what this would look like if it came back in september on to committee, with something stronger and with the tenement museum represented as well, because I'm concerned my thing is I I don't know what kind of damn I know they've been closed, but what you know speaking to what ellen had said before you know, who?
It doesn't seem like there's a lot of strong support behind this tonight and I think it's going to go one way could I I would rather almost want to see this come back in september, if anything, with something much stronger with something stronger.
What you mean stronger support and for for the resolution, maybe a stronger resolution, maybe with the tenement museum here I I don't know what the urgency is for it to happen tonight, no yeah sure.
I would want there to be an opportunity if there are residents that support it and the tenant museum, just if there's people who want to support it to come, I mean, I think the agenda item was a little big, maybe and that's why we didn't have that.
Sure paul, it's tim, so I just specifically, I think again, like I said the the premise of this conversation and why you don't have a detailed plan was to gauge what you wanted us to focus on with the limited resources that all these agencies, in particular the department of transportation, has right.
So if what you're saying is, there's a concern about broome street right and you'd like us to focus on orchard like david said like we should try to get an indication from the committee of what that is.
I know everybody would like to get everything done yesterday, but I think that it's quite disrespectful for anyone to come to the community board, especially people who are you know, players in this arena and know better to do so without actually reaching out to formal stakeholders in the neighborhood, such as the black association community board three several years ago, did a really good job of listing all of the formal block associations that exist within cb3.
I would not want someone to bring something to the community board with a resolution, no less asking for support no less without having contacted, at the very very least the impacted block associations in that neighborhood, and so I am very glad to hear that this is gonna, that the request is hopefully going to ask them to come back in september or at a future date.
You know like a community block meeting or that kind of thing is not enough.
Right david, I would even go as far to say, as you know, I think part of the urgency here is these things don't happen overnight.
We want to be in a position where, when the museum does begin operations that they're able to execute- and so again I think that's the reason we're having this conversation in august is to say you know what you know: there's some good feedback here from this meeting.
This is how we don't typically engage the community, but I think if the committee had an indication of well we'd, rather focus on an orchard right, like elimination of parking right, that's a few parking spaces and not broom that helps us guide a more detailed planning process so that we can then provide some of those options in a more articulated way.
You know you typically in these conversations you're going to see schematic engineering pieces geometry that doesn't exist, it's really just kind of blocking, and so even an informal indication of where the committee would like us to proceed is helpful in in kind of moving that ball forward in coordination with all the entities that are involved all right.
I don't think that that's where we are so I don't know that coming to a vote saying we would rather have a would rather see something more like this and more like that.
I think that you know based on this obviously we'll kind of focus on orchard street and and see what we can come up with there right and bring something back, knowing that it seems as though most committee members, or have expressed that that would be the area of focus right.
Then, if I can also second, as my input, that I also think that it would be good if you could have a conversation with, you know helpful to work with the block association to to to hear their concerns, perhaps have a zoom meeting which was jointly sponsored or something of that nature could be helpful.
It seems like the community has a lot of input on it and I, I think everybody needs to really work in conjunction together to figure this out before they really bring it to us for a resolution and something we can write up and clear up with the community and everybody has an input block associations, the bid, the tenement museum.
I know there's an issue with the east broadway train station because I'm correct susan, correct me if I'm wrong- and we got this really late- if he, if grier, wants to leave his information for the community to reach out to him.