My clock as a reminder, the executive committee meeting this evening is being recorded, so I also want to remind everyone that the meeting is being recorded. I want to go through the process of the introduction of committee members and so I'll start. First, my name is lenny singletary, I'm the chair of community board, two we'll introduce with the following roles of the of the seat. So we'll start with the first vice chair, second vice chair and then the chairs and co-chairs of the respective committees in alphabetical order. So first vice chair, yeah hi everybody. My name is lenny jordan, I'm the first vice chair of community board, 2 and chair person of the finance and personnel committee good evening. It's part dollar kringer, I'm the second vice chair of the board and the co-chair of the parks, development and employment committee. Carlton gordon landmark, chair landmarks, land use, juliette, colin chung, chair of transportation and public safety, cheryl galbs vice chair transportation and public safety, 35 bush, chair of youth education, cultural affairs, martha thompson manning coaching, education and cultural affairs, irene janner, co-chair of land use landmarks, brandon smith, I'm the chair of health environment, social services, great. Thank you. Everyone for the introduction I'll entertain an approval for tonight's agenda, so moved. Thank you, jessica, I'ma. Let you figure out who's, who thank you and has everyone had a chance to review the minutes from June 22nd from the last exec committee meeting? Are there any edits or corrections? Okay. Great. Should you find some additional comments at the conclusion of the meeting feel free to email, our secretary and if you would send an email to the district manager to the board office? So, let's jump into the agenda? The fourth item on the agenda committees for action. We have first up health environment and social services committee. There are some state authority, state liquor authority, license applications and we'll start with the chair. Mr brandon smith. Thanks a lot, mr cinco, terry and good evening, everybody there were three liquor licenses that we heard at the last committee meeting in early august. I'll start with the first one is 264 carlton avenue, los dos hermanos. This was the only one of the three that there was some community opposition expressed in respect of. To summarize, 264 carlton is located on carlton avenue between dekalb and myrtle, pretty close to the corner of dekalb avenue. The application is for a a tapas restaurant with a an outdoor area. That's in the in the front within the property boundaries. The previous tenant, which I believe is called smooch, was open since 2005 and closed recently. The menu is supposed to include salads, tapas and tacos they're, going to employ about five people. Notable about this application is that there were. There were four letters of support and a much greater quantity, probably about 10 or 11 letters of opposition. It seems that the the representative from this, the owner of this location also operates a liquor store, which is on the corner of this. This block- and there were concerns expressed from the community about the operation of the liquor store, I guess from previous experience- and there were some pictures even shared with our committee about previous activities that had occurred at the liquor store. Specifically, there was a bench that was set up outside of the liquor store according to the owner. It was not his bench, but people would go to the liquor, store and use the bench to congregate and drink liquor that was purchased at the liquor store. There were additionally allegations that the liquor store employees were not wearing masks violating social distancing guidelines and that the people who would congregate outside the liquor store would be become very noisy and litter the premises and be disruptive in the community. It was presented to us that the bench had been removed and the the owner indicated that he wanted to be that he wanted to be cooperative and engage with other members of the community. I notable also, I think, is the fact that there didn't seem to be any prior engagement between the owner with the block association or the surrounding community. I do note that the and miss church and made it clear at our meeting that the that the district office was no longer requesting requiring that signatures be gathered for applications during the Covid-19 time because of the social distancing components that come up in that regard. But there definitely seemed to be some concern and over the course of the meeting, several residents expressed their concerns about the liquor store and about the this operator. Opening in an establishment in response, the owner indicated that he would that he would completely adhere to social, distancing and mass wearing guidance that and the original time for closing the outdoor space, which was originally proposed at 12 midnight, was shortened to 10 p.m. Seven days a week, which was more in keeping generally with the standards that we would like to see from outdoor service in really any community, and particularly this block, which seems to be a very residential block by nature. So with after a long discussion and lots of questions and points back and forth. The ultimate vote on this was believe four in favor two opposed and no abstentions. The opposition of which I was a member was largely based in concern for whether from kent performance with the liquor store. But it's really a virtue of what you believe in that regard, I think you know the applicant did express a desire to be to be cooperative and engaging with the with the community, and that should be noted as well, so that was the that was the first application that we heard that was approved four two zero. Second application that we heard was 78 rockwell place. This is entitled project noir the owner presented to us about this place. It's been open for about two years, they're trying to establish it as a venue for cocktails with kind of a speakeasy like vibe. They indicated they were. They were supportive of local hiring and they provided some signatures of support and they agreed that if there were any concerns from the community that they would work with the with the community and but there were no concerns expressed by any members of the community for this application and it was approved by a vote of six zero. This is 78 rockwell place, which I believe is between fulton and lafayette and rockwell. The third application that we heard is 154 carlton avenue back to the same block as that first application, but on the other side of the block down near the corner of myrtle, this is a location known as taqueria fort greene. It they're going to be open from the 11 a.m, to 10 p.m during the week and 11 a.m to 2 a.m, on weekends, no outdoor seating, it's a mexican food establishment, they obtained some signatures of people in the immediate vicinity and they had not been apprised of any concerns because they from their ongoing operation of this location. So, based on that, there was a unanimous vote in favor six zero and this application was approved. That's all three liquor licenses. Thank you, mr smith. Are there any questions from executive committee members any questions from executive committee members on the three applications that were presented? I have a question brandon. Was there any discussion about that? 2 a.m. Closure, even though it's indoors, and it is there a possibility that at some point, they'd want outdoor that they have room for outdoor seating. I don't believe there was any discussion that I at least not from my memory and not from the committee minutes about the 2 a.m, closing time and the, but the representation was made that there was no outdoor seating. Thank you, mr smith. Bill fenoy, the owner of 64 carlton avenue. Were there ever any complaints on file in regards to the liquor store? Did you hear me? Yes, I just wanted to check the address. Yeah 264 carlton avenue the first application that we discussed. There certainly seemed to be a number of members of the community who were concerned about it. We were not apprised of any complaints that have been filed in regards to liquor store in terms of you know, with the authorities or with with the board office. Mr perez, can you verify that I was not at that meeting. It is my anecdotal understanding that there is seating at this location as to complaints. I haven't heard any and I don't believe that this church is on the call any other questions from executive committee members. Okay, hearing none melissa is an objection, we'll vote for all of these, as all three were presented hearing none. I entertain a motion to accept the recommendation from the health environment and social service committee singletary I'll. Second, very fabulous sort of move motion has been properly moved by mr jordan. Second obama is five bush all in favor aye opposed to asked that question again, because I want to make sure it wasn't background noise opposed any abstentions. Okay, great thank you, jessica. We're good! Yes, we're good next committee to report is land use. Mr gordon? Okay, can everybody hear me? Yes, okay, thank you. Okay, we have two items that both were approved by the committee. First, one is 295 cumberland street in for the fourth green historic district, and the application was to remove a existing rear deck and construct a full width. What is it rear yard extension at the garden level and at the rooftop, and also with a rooftop deck and then stairs to the rear yard and modify the side lights at the at the at the front level at the sidelight, and also at the where we have it? Yes, at the front facade. Now what happened? Interestingly, what happened as during the presentation the applicant informed us that the staff of the landmarks preservation commission approve most of the items except for the rear yard to stop the work at the rear, so most of the stuff was that was already approved in advance, and the only part that we had to work on was all the work at the rear. What this applicant's trying to do basically is to build out the extensions at the rear. I guess to push it out a little bit to try to get a little bit of addition for the people to users to go out there'll be steps that would go down from, I guess, from the from the next level garden, I guess level going down towards the yard. Our only real concern was basically how much it would affect the neighboring buildings and the applicants was the architect informed us that the his clients had already informed the neighboring. I guess on either side that the work you know is coming and our only our one concern was that the work that would be done at the what we would call it. Yes at the garden level, I guess, on the ground level, could affect the houses on either side. They said that they were in the process of getting from. You know the information, as they were doing it through the buildings department and through his his you know the people doing the construct or propose people going to construction and, if there's any further work that may affect the neighbors that they will inform the neighbors of that as well. Otherwise we like the work that was presented and we approved it six one three: if there's nothing else, I'll move on to the item, it is 135 plymouth street in dumba in the dumbo neighborhood historic district. This is an application to put up a sign for the Brooklyn public library branch on adams street in gumbo. This is that new little branch that's been built by the or being built by the Brooklyn public library to service dumbo it'll be two. I guess sets of signs that would be on the corner. It's at the corner of john street and adams street. Actually, although the building is one that's on plymouth and it's one of those typical older british gumbo buildings on the john street side, there will be a small metal lettering for the Brooklyn public library, the big one on the adam street side, instead of a very modern red and white signage. That goes for quite a few feet along the side. It simply says library, it'll encompass a combination of I guess, we'll be painting or decorating on the fox facade and also some also using the windows as well, so that the words library, big red and white line will be seen by everybody. It's not this similar to some of these things that you see sometimes at the museum of martin are those big red white things that sometimes the artists use karen johnson from dumbo liked it and our committee liked it and we approved it 10-0-0 unanimously. Thank you carlton. Is there any request from anyone? I'm sorry. Are there any questions from anyone on the presentation I was given by mr gordon, I have a question yeah on the cumberland street, thanks carlton about the rooftop deck is any of that visible from the street it'll be my understanding would be from the rear, so it would not be visible from the street. If I recall correctly any case, the the rooftops were. Those were already approved by by lp, landmark preservation. Commission yeah. The only thing that we wound up approving is the re that real work down by the garden level, the ground level at the rear and the steps that would lead for in the interior towards some steps that are interior of the building that would lead towards it and also there are some steps that are from the exterior and the rear. That would take you to the ground or garden level. That's the only part that you're really worried about anything else that was already approved by the lpc. Thank you welcome. Are there any additional questions? Yeah, I have a question I think I heard you say it was approved six one, three, six, yes, seven, eight, nine yeah, six, one three by the committee, so that means four people weren't like that happy about it. In some way, can you state what their concerns were again notified the notification of the the neighbors that the work you know would be affect the work that may have some effect that with the neighbors, I think, thank you. Yeah. Are there any additional questions from committee members hearing none? Is there any objection with taking both items, as presented in one vote, I'll, entertain a motion to accept the committee's presentation by mr gordon motion to accept? Second, ms, all in favor aye opposed abstention. Thank you. Thank you. Everyone, public safety committee. Thank you good evening. Everybody rob if you'd like to pull up downtown Brooklyn partnership's presentation. I can give the overview of the 11 hoyt street streetscape proposal. 11 hoyt street is the new development downtown. That is, it's a white building, skyscraper right next to macy's, it's located on hoyt street, but spanning point to elm fulton to livingston street and julia. Oh sorry, yes hi! It's plenty I hate to interrupt, but you have to give us a moment because rob wasn't the host, and so I needed to be the host in order to present the image. So I think now we have the image on the screen just want to give you that background. That's all! Thank you. You're! Welcome! All right rob! Do you want to go to the next page? That has the map great, so everybody can see the location hoyt to elm fulton to livingston. Go ahead. Keep going, we don't have to go through the whole presentation, but maybe you can scroll to the actual street streetscape proposal. That would be great. What downtown Brooklyn partnership was doing is working with the developer to take the very narrow street sidewalks on hoyt and elm, which are currently only eight feet wide and increasing them to allow for more pedestrian space, as well as streetscape furniture and they're. Also adding this. These very interesting bump outs that you can see here, they're changing the typical geometry of the street to create almost this mini plaza. So they're going to be able to increase the planting and the green space they're going to be adding seating. You can see the bump outs on both sides of the building, both on hoyt as well as on elm street, and the developer is paying for this through their because they have to do. They redo the sidewalk with the builder's pavement plan anyway and rob if you could find the color version of this plan. That's nice too. This is great, so they're, looking at colored, concrete, pigmented, concrete or also different forms of aggregate to create this sort of color gradation on the sidewalk, but they would also put the striping into the streets as into the street as well, so it would be traffic calming and they're going it's reducing it's taking away a parking lane. So it's not taking away a traffic lane, but the parking they said that was most likely. It was mostly placard parking anyway, and this was approved by the committee unanimously. Any questions for julia on the presentation for 11th white. I have a question: it's jessica. What's the timeline for this, I believe that the development is already open, so they've already got some of the first tcos. So it's pending it's pending approval, so if they can get all of this approved, then they can do it cool yeah. I just had a question: miss colin chung, so there's traffic on elm and hoyt street. I think yeah well anyway. I think there's a turn in from from fulton whatever, but it will be enough room for cars and there'll be no problem with the cars traveling down those two streets because they're not really that big to begin with, and now they're going to be a little smaller, yes, well, they downtown Brooklyn partnership said that only a parking lane was affected, not a travel lane for the cars, but certainly the cars would be slowed by this extension. I think which is not a bad thing for this very pedestrian area of Brooklyn, but it is there the traffic that does go through there, which is really just kind of bypassing fulton. You know kind of going through fulton it is. It does get clogged up, yeah, okay, mr singletary, may I ask a question absolutely and mine is related to mr jordan's. You know many cyclists use the busway as a east-west cycling route and there's a bike route on white street that begins at living center skimmer horn. I forget which, and so people use white on their bikes to get from fulton to where the bike lane begins. My concern is, as I said, is similar to mr jordan's that cyclists are going to get squeezed by the ball bounce. Was there any discussion at the committee about that? There was no discussion, but that's a good point rob and maybe we can bring that up to downtown Brooklyn partnership too yeah hi. This is bill flunaway. I actually live on the white street, so I think I'll get some input here as far as the street itself on hoyt. It is now, but currently right now there's construction on there and there is still cars that get by fairly easily and the bikes go along well also, as far as the actual design itself, I totally look forward to seeing that, because it's almost similar to what's going on right now in hoyt and skrimmerhorn. So I think this will be an addition to the community and we could use a few more places to actually sit okay and actually have some more greenway because we lost a lot of greenway over the past couple of years. So I definitely agree with this and I would suggest approving it. I have a question: yes, betty hi. Okay, so my only question is on that schematic: where are the cars that are going into the garage? That's part of the development? Are they entering from livingston or from the side streets? They will not be entering from hoyt they'll be entering from livingston or elm. I see. Okay, thank you. Are there any other questions for the chair hearing, none I'll entertain a motion to accept the presentation from the public, transportation and public safety committee so moved. What's that can cause a second, mr gordon? Is it I'm sorry? I haven't done this all night. I forgive me, but is there any discussion on the motion because we've been asking questions all day, but is there any further discussion on emotion, hearing, none all in favor opposed abstentions. Thank you. Everyone thanks moving to agenda item number five chairpersons report, so this there's a few things. I want to comment on number one. I want to thank everyone for their participation during our last time. We met where we talked about really the budget and but more importantly, you know open discussion about diversity and inclusion and how we can be active participants in our respective community but, more importantly, the show that community board too, is not afraid to take on the items and the topics that are most important and prevalent to our community. So I want to thank everyone for their participation. I thought it was enlightening and, to be honest with you, I came away from the conversation more refreshed than I was going into it just based on the questions and the comments that everyone put together and I want to take a moment to not really single anyone out, but I wanted to give a special thank you to juliet because she and I had so many offline conversations that helped foster the thought and the discussion, and I want to thank her as one of the trusted partners of the executive committee to help lead us in that direction. So thank everyone, but you know a special shout out to juliet. So thank you for that. The second item I want to report is, you know it's taking us a long time long time you can't see my you may not be able to see my hands as I try to hug the entire office that I'm in, but it's taken us a long time to get a functional working office of full complimentary staff. You know it seems like when we get to hire someone, then you have to someone takes another opportunity and we've had some turnover for a while, but for the first time in a very long time we have actually four members in our office and I've had the opportunity to engage with them, as probably more often than I would post Covid-19. I'm sorry precoc, because we've taken advantage of technology and so I've had the opportunity to participate on a couple of staff meetings with the office rob and I have engaged on a more frequent basis, and I will tell you that in my estimation, our office is functioning quite well, albeit remotely. So there are clearly some things that we need to enhance, particularly for those who may from time to time not get the full personal response that you would get in the past when four people were sitting in the office, but I would honestly say from my purview: there's been no real degradation in how we respond to community issues as they come up now. Keep in mind what I keep in mind. No one is going to be 100 satisfied with the response of the office. I don't care how many people are in it. You could have 100 people and someone would have some advice for improvement. I recognize that, but given where we were and, relatively speaking, I am pleased to say that the office is working in a very cohesive way. I think they're thinking in a very strong and insightful way, and I applaud them. I wanted to take the time to mention that, because that's key as we remain in this pandemic and with no clear outcome for how this is going to be solution for it's probably safe to say that we're going to go through this for the remainder of the year, and so I wanted to take a moment to thank the office and commend them for the hard work that they've shown and not to you know, diminish the work of anybody in the office. I do want to take the time to thank mr paris because he has been coming into the office every day and, if you're looking at your screen, now, that's not his apartment. That is the office, and so I want to thank rob for continually coming in, and I appreciate him for his leadership and for the entire staff and the way they've been able to perform during this pandemic. So rob thank you. You ruled out the possibility. I just have terrible taste in furniture and I wasn't gonna. I wasn't gonna put you on hdtv, but I didn't want people to know that, regardless of your taste that you were definitely on that home. So thank you for the taste of the decor. The next thing I wanted to mention is you know in our last meeting in March, emotion was made second unanimously approved that the executive committee for as long as community boards were remote, would act on behalf of the entire community board and so what we, what we essentially did, was take on taken our summer policy and extended it, and so, in that regard we have not had a chance to meet with the entire board. What I've asked the office to do is send out an invitation and on september 9th, if my memory is serving correctly, we will have a general body meeting, because now I think we've had enough experience with the technology. We've engaged enough with various committees and chairs that it's time to have a meeting with our general body now. This meeting will now have a formal agenda because we are going to continue to perform, has been governed by the motion and the vote. That was put forth that we act on behalf of the entire board, but I I'm calling this more of a wellness check. I do want to touch base with everyone. I want to see how everyone has been doing. I want to inform the entire body what we've done so far and we may have one agenda item, but if nothing else, I anticipate this to be a relatively short meeting, but definitely a meeting that is needed to take place so that we can possibly hear of items that we may not be aware of. That may require our action and our focus as the exact committee, but, like I said, more importantly, just to have a wellness and a checkup with the members that make up community board 2.. So please be on alert for that invitation if you've not already received it. The last item that I have as chairperson is an action that requires a vote of the committee, because the way our information is laid out now are, I should say, but I was laid out now the chair cannot, you know, you know unilaterally make a decision. It requires a vote of the board, in this case the exec committee, as part of mayor de blasio's attempt to manage the financial shortfall of the city of new york. There have been different departments that have been under consideration for layoffs and so at a meeting that took place with community boards. Omb has asked if there would be any community boards willing to voluntarily lay off staff, and so, given my previous comments about how pleased I have been with the office and as each of you know how long it's taken us to get to a staff that works cohesively as this office is working now, I is the chairperson and not inclined to take part in a voluntary layoff. I understand the issues that are affecting the city. I do not want to be mayor now ever, but particularly not now, and so I know those are tough times. But that being said, this is a decision that requires a vote, and so what I'd like to do is entertain a motion that would support community board 2, making a decision to not voluntarily lay off staff. At this time. I'd like to make that motion, mr singletary problem, so it's moved by mr jordan second, by miss the mr gordon, so jordan and gordon, am I correct? Okay, great! Is there any discussion on the motion yeah? I had a technical problem with my computer, so I didn't hear your discussion. Could you just quickly, but the motion was to get the approval of the inside exec committee, acting on behalf of community ward 2 to not voluntarily lay off staff, given that we've just gotten this group together and they're working well, we've been asked to lay off somebody, or do you anticipate that so omb has asked community boards to voluntarily lay off staff, and so my recommendation is that we don't voluntarily lay off anyone at this time. Thank you like to say something. It's irene sure I think when you look at the city's overall budget, community boards are so underfunded. To begin with that, it's a disgrace to ask us who represent the community, but the only place where the community has any kind of say it's disgraceful to ask us to cut. Thank you irene any other discussion on emotion, hearing. None! All in favor, yes, anyone opposed abstentions. Thank you for your support and I think the office thanks you for the support as well. Listen, let's be, let's be real about this. It may come a point where the voluntary is no longer an option, but as long as it is voluntarily an option, this is our position. So that concludes the chairpersons report I'll turn it over to item number six, which is which is the district manager's report. Mr singletary, I want to thank you personally for the nice things you said, but I also want to share with you. You know lots of people are experiencing a weird work environment and that's certainly true for the district office as well. I'm currently on three different platforms simultaneously and I notice on teams. It says ls, saying all the nice things about us and then there's a heart emoji. So not just thanks from me, but thanks for the whole staff for the kind words district managers report, I hope to have that finalized. Before the september general meeting that you announced and then, as you and I have discussed, I will probably change the format of that make it more of a summary, more of a team effort and hope to get those out more frequently. Thanks rob just to give a little context to rob's last statement. What rob and I have discussing- and it's really more of just he and I both brainstorming and how we can better utilize physician support, is what I've learned from the staff meetings is that rob has managed the team in a way that each of the four members who make up the district office have a focus on a different assignment, and I think, as a to wanted to try something different, a way to kind of communicate to everyone what each person is working on and to be mindful of all the work that's taking place now I asked rob if we could try the well. Actually, I should say I asked we agreed that we would try a different approach that would summarize what's being done, but give really credit to the individual colleagues in the office and have their name signed assigned to the work. That's being done so that the perception of just managing or liaising for a committee meeting is not really accurate of all the work that's taking place, and so mr paris and I agreed that we would take that approach. So that's a little context for what rob's last statement was so now we're up to item number seven. Does anyone have any other business or anything that you'd like to discuss that wasn't covered in tonight's meeting, and that is for executive committee members? This is juliet. Could I share something absolutely so I just wanted to give an update on the rest of our committee meeting for transportation and public safety. We continued the discussion on chair singletary that you had started and we continued it in the framework of our statement of district needs with an eye to social justice and criminal justice. Rob thank you for getting us the speaker, mr brandon holmes, and thank you to brandon smith, who was able to speak to us about his experience in the community courts. Both brandon holmes and brandon smith brought really invaluable experience to the table to help us come up with very concrete recommendations that we'll be presenting in the fall for the statement of district needs and budget priorities music to my ears. I'm glad that we're taking that conversation and keep giving life to it in a way that really is tangible and that it's not something that we're doing in an abstract way. I think the way the lead is more through action than words. So thank you for that. I appreciate it. I had a question. I was wondering what consideration is being given to, if not the september meeting general meeting the meetings thereafter about having the whole board vote on things rather than just the executive committee, barbara. I have a short answer, for you is none at this time, given the way we have to meet, given the things that we're still learning through technology, I'm intentionally being deliberate about taking baby steps, and so I want to see how the september meeting goes, which will be a strong factor in how we proceed going forward. That makes sense thanks. Alright you're welcome, since you think you characterized the september meeting as a wellness check. I just wanted to ask, as far as you know, all board members committee members at this time are in good health there's nobody has caught anything bad or been hospitalized or whatever. As far as you know, so, from a perspective of being optimistic, prayerful, I'm going with the old adage of no news is good news. I have not heard that anything has happened to anyone, although I can't say for certainty that you know that is the case. We do have some board members who don't always socialize with other board members until we meet as a group as a whole, so it is possible that individuals may have overcome Covid-19 and now they're in good health or that you know- and I hope I'm wrong, although the alternative could be the case at this point, I'm going to stick with my original comment that no news is good news and I believe that everyone is a good help. Thanks for asking that question now, that's important any other questions. Okay, great! So the next item on the agenda is community form and so for those who may be new to community board. If you happen to be a non-member of the executive committee and if you have questions or if you have a particular item that you want to bring to our attention, this is the opportunity to do so. I will remind those who have been a part of this before but introduced to those who may be new, that this is done on a two-minute time limit. So, in the event that you would like to ask a question, or if you have something you want to communicate that you would send a chat to the chat button, that is, it should be at the bottom of your screen. You would identify yourself. I would then ask the district manager or one of the representatives of my office to call your name and then, upon being acknowledged, you would have two minutes to have the floor, and so with that I'll open it up to item number eight, which is community form and listen. I want to be fair here, I'm not trying to rush through this, but don't feel offended. If you don't really have anything to say you don't have anything to say we love you the same, but I do want to be. You know mindful of the rules of the city of new york and of the state and once again I'll ask: are there any comments on community forum? There are still no hands raised, mr singletary, so as excited as I am, and I'm trying to trepidate my excitement I'll, entertain, emotion to a journal. So all right. Thank you. Everyone I look forward to seeing everyone on september, 9th be safe, continue to be in good health practice, social distancing, wear your mask, take as much vitamin c zinc, anything you can take and continue to enjoy the rest of the summer. Yes, okay, thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Everyone.