I know it's a lot to have to zoom meetings in a month, but as we needed to do this, to make sure that we're keeping up with all the changes that are happening in the community I'm going to have to add something to our agenda tonight.
You've probably already seen it on social media, and it has been going around I believe Carlina has called for a petition for us to get on board with for the removal of this officer, he has had several incidents on at the PSA for that the city has had to pay out a couple of like more than a lot.
The reason it's coming up is because this came up at the lower Eastside ready meeting today and Carlino talked about it, and the resolution would be very specific and limited and which is the only reason it's timely because, as Alicia said, she's creating the petition, the petition is to have officer Garcia terminated immediately because of his history of eight-eight incidents of excess of the force.
Okay, I think well Susan sort of addressed my question, which is that I think that there's like a larger issue, obviously because what the coverage said essentially, is that there's no articulated guidelines for how police officers are supposed to be enforcing social distancing?
Unfortunately, this resolution, that's a very big and very important issue, we're actually in most of CB 3 having a lot of problems and complaints, because social distancing in all these areas, you're mentioning- are not being enforced, but for this resolution, and that would be something that could be put on the agenda for June and I.
Carlina, okay, he's creating the petition and it will address one issue and that's the media termination of an officer with a history of aide complaints of excessive force, 8, so I think we could, and if we sign the petition, we have to vote on it right.
Okay, well, it is good to sign the petition, but it is also good to have it on the agenda of a future meeting, because I believe that this is not the first time it will happen and it still needs to be addressed.
So my question is that I understand Susan just said that a resolution would be focused on eight acetones that these officers involved in the past, but I, just not sure, I, don't understand why this particular incidence on Avenue D should not be include at all.
If we're relying on the past incidents, I wouldn't need more information to understand whether or not I should be relying on them, because Susan said complaints, but complaints about happen in different ways and then I would need to know where they substantiated or unsubstantiated or partially substantiated complaints and then will as to what specifically, if they're lawsuits, which is what the press seemed to suggest where they lawsuits that only involved him and had specific findings as to him, because usually those lawsuits have like 30 cops in them.
Did you hear anything different at the meeting forever I know I did here, but I think you're missing the point that I'm making and I heard of that the meeting and because I thought we were, it was gonna, be a little more focused on the current actions.
Maybe that should be the case, but that's what we're basically saying even in supporting her petition I well, I, that's a very good point and what came up at the meeting, which is not being addressed in this petition and can't be addressed by us at this meeting, is whether an officer with a history of ate excessive force incidents should be on the force, but you're right, that's a whole different issue.
That's what I was going to suggest I think we need to table this until we actually know what the petition says.
It would be helpful to understand you know what we're asking him to be terminated for if we have more specific information, if they're able to supply it just and that's all public records, so it seems like based on what I've heard somebody's seen some or all of it to be able to make some, you know provide us with some sort of conclusions about.
I think it's called cops that the website, but I'll track it down and before the next exact, but thank you, okay, I'm going to move in so I want to welcome the new members.
Let me know I think that Ricky Wong we're going to ask that Heidi met I.
Yes, I'll do that Wendy Heidi's want to be I'm, going to ask Heidi to have Ricky I need someone to have Troy and David Andrea and Tyree trommels Alisha, so Eric Diaz and the chat is saying that you know is both Tariq and Andrea, so he can speak with them.
So one is the knight, sir one, which has one public member I did not contact that person because I don't know when that's going to be activated and would like direction from the exec on that and the other one is the Chinatown neighborhood which I can't imagine meeting anytime soon and I was wondering if we should send a letter to the public members saying that we will be in touch with them when the committee is reactivated, but I want wanted direction from the exec on both of those well I think is important for us to stay in communication with the public members.
So I do agree that we should definitely send out a letter of communication, just letting them know when we resolve or regain a committee again that we would definitely like to have them on board.
So, yes and I do know, I think the other public member for the nitrogen section 8 was Camille Napoleone right, so we should send her a letter just letting her know the same thing as well, that you know the committee.
They all report to land use, which is a huge committee, yeah actually I'm on that issue, can I think about it, and we pop back to you guys on the next executive committee because and what happened with land use is that I lost an NCO T's two months ago and because in the pen and to represent nature in the Land Use Committee right now, I only have damaris left.
Assuming that we'll go back to all the committees meeting in June, because we talked about putting district needs on that and I'm, assuming that they will be unzoom unless the executive order changes.
Yeah I'm, just kind of following what season, because we've obviously had a few folks that want to get put some items on to parks which don't necessarily require a timely vote and or a city decision, so I'm curious to hear other members as to how we're going to handle this and whether we're going to take the full load agenda items that we were taking before the pandemic, assuming we're all we're going to be on them yeah.
From my perspective, this actually brings up something that I should have talked about it during my first hair report and that you know right now, myself and Clint are really the two that are well versed with zoom Linda may be taking over as well after her meeting next week.
So my hope is that you know, for the next meet coming up for each of the committee's I will make the chair a co-host so that they can see what the functionality is, but I'm hopeful that eventually, the chairs can take over running the technical side of their meetings so that I don't have to spend it every evening of my life on a community board zoom, especially if we're going to go back to every community tune, but I would how might that what Trevor said I would I mean I, don't see a reason why we can't start bringing some non vote matters to the June agenda, but I would want to also limit it so that we're not having an agenda.
It's not the most optimal way to be meeting, especially when we're being given a slideshow presentation bias at the agency, so I would you know I would propose that if we do take non-vote items on the agenda that we limited, maybe to two or three non-violence, I agree.
Would you know that's what I'm saying, but if it's related to district needs and we'll help, you inform us and they have to come and give us and then the only ways for them to come and give us a presentation.
Okay, so basically to confirm what I'm hearing is that unless something changes with the executive order, we will be having meetings in June on zoom' and non resolution.
So there would like to know if we want to reserve a certain amount for organizations in Deborah's district, which is very small in our area.
It's you know the around where the community board offices and I think they go to First Avenue.
They would be distributed in gallon jars and the organizations would have to put them in smaller containers and that's basically, it I wanted to make a suggestion since there's so few organ organizations within Deborah's area that we suggest Jessa and Cooper Square committee, I'm gonna, say just thought of one more and that's the third Street man, shelter, three bottles in each have one and I mean I'm.
If you have access to the contacts there give it to Charlie, so he could reach out, or at least let them know that they're, you know if they're in neither if they wanted, they can get it and how they go about it because I think was it something that was said that you have to go and pick it up or something like that: they're not dropping it off.
I was like I know for a fact that third street men, shelter they're, probably in need of all kinds of you, know sanitizing items and you know protection items, so I would definitely go with them for facts, Jazz's that our elders and they are the most vulnerable, so them as well, and what was the other one that Lisa said: yeah I would the three most vulnerable and the three that I think there are most that need and suggest that what I can do is give them those three and say if any of them don't want it.
People are seeing have seen areas of need, like alicia, communicated to me this morning, that there were certain developments that weren't getting masks and because of the both district service council and lower Eastside ready and other connections, I'm able to bring that information and really get it mitigated sometimes quickly.
I know that our district need statement is not going to look like it looked last year.
We know that the needs are going to be quite different right.
So I asked you all to start to generate some ideas as to what each committee would like to contribute towards the district need statement and what we should be focusing outside of sorts ways to focus.
One of it was we set up the actual format of serve being very six and brief and bullet points with just highest priorities, but the time most related to this was after sandy, in which the exec decided that every committee would kind of talk about what it took away from or learned, or what must be done because of Sandy and I thought just based on what we're hearing- and you know the committee's would kind of know best for their committees, but I think there's a lot one of inequity and things that have become very obvious, that you know that relay to what we've learned from this pandemic that the committees might want to consider.
You know we really need to start planning I want us to really plan this out and really think about it, so that we can move forward any thoughts from anyone out there.
I hear crickets, [Laughter], dunno, yeah, okay, I, so I haven't been part of a district needs from this side before so, I was wondering if you could sort of just in, like a minute, explain the process of how this is supposed to work.
Think the challenge, certainly for economic development is going to be that, like we don't know right, there's a lot of stuff that we just don't know yet and I think everybody is sort of taking it.
I? Think if you connect with Megan on this, the there's a lot of business organizations that are also coming up with very specific needs and asks - that could be used as a basis.
Are there gonna be a little I guess we'll have to look at the different plans to see if we should be adopting components or all of certain plans, but it's as expansive as how much capacity should like you know, a restaurant have that had a capacity of 74.
A parks supposed to be like there are so many sort of fundamental things we need to be thinking about, and we're only into you know, month, 1 plus, even in sort of contemplating like Anisha, said what the what the outcome might be or what, how it will look as we go on and how it will change even day to day and week to meet well see.
I think this is great because we do have to just have the conversation I mean we won't know anything until we stop the conversation around it, because we cannot just sit back and just watch it unfold in front of us, and then it leaves us all in a very bad place when it's time to really generate everything and sit down and start to really plan out what this document has to look like you know, we've had we've had issues in the past where we've like struggled with trying to put it all together with having statistics, and the statistics are right in front of us every single day the mayor and the governor just go at it and they tell us all kinds of stats on stuff, so I think we just need to start documenting some of the things that are happening and, like you said, yeah, it's specific things that we're going to need to talk about that.
So yes, I was gonna, say you know, following on what Alicia just said, I think people have to be careful.
So what I would like to suggest is that we have it finished by August, but not vote on it in case there are changes and things that come up between that in October that we could make those changes and I just also want to remind people that this is a document to assess our needs and that we will then afterward be voting on specific budget priorities.
Other committees, if there are issues that we can ask an agency that relate directly to community board three and that general like a senior program.
I would like to plan on it, but you can see where you were happy July and you know you could always, though, on the cd3 website and look for the past district needs statements that we worked on before you know always do that and start to just generate some ideas from last year's district.
I mean we're not going to be getting together, obviously, but definitely we could do a zoom party right and what should that look like?
We should start to talk about what that needs to look like each chairperson of every committee should be on board for that to give a description of your committee and maybe give a little personal statement as to you know your experience on the community board.
If you'd like to do that, may be a nice idea or you could just think of something in general that you would like to share with the new members, because they don't know you they don't know your committee, they don't know what you do so I mean just keep all of this in - I talking to a perfect stranger right, it's like when you get together with people.
What you do- and you know like I know, Anisha- is a new chair and Paul is a new chair, but you know you can give your experience of being members on the community board and sitting on your committee and I also would like us to think about.
People are telling me all these wonderful things that they're doing on Zoom and I heard about Cinco de Mayo parties on the other day, so I mean I, mean I'm open to suggestions as to what this could look like for the new members, because we don't want to scare anyone away because they just got here and we want to keep them and how to stay connected.
This is something that courtesy of the office this was created to kind of help us, because actually we members of the exact should be looking at this quite a bit and focusing on it and seeing where we can also make amendments to it and say during this time, like now we're in the midst of Co bad right, so we could be adding some other stuff for future reference.
You know, even after we all get back together, it may be a possibility that zoom will be around for a long time to come, or something like this.
Some type of engine like this right, okay, so periodically, can I ask for someone to help us by looking at this I mean I.
When you talk about 500 foot rule when you talk about going before the SLA board things that things like that, I mean like week, things that we need to know when we're voting on a vote.
I think that something similar to what you did when you present it to the full board about what your committee does, but Alicia I also think that we might want to include as part of this documents that we put together after our training with the outside facilitator about what the role of the chair is, how the public participate in our meetings and stuff, like that, okay, he's got his hand, yeah I was just gonna say: I can also put together a presentation for Europe applications and PSA applications that should take like 15-20 minutes.
We could definitely break it up into two separate trainings and you know have them live on those okay and then we look at questions for the budget priority Susan.
We're definitely not going to be voting on a district need statement, so we know that that's something that we are going to continue to work on like Susan said earlier, because we don't have to submit it until what you say: October racism right well vote on.
Think that what might make the most sense is that the first training is more about like the procedural stuff like the office stuff, the role of the chair, the you know how public participates and that and then the second one can maybe be the one where the chairs of committees do their dog and pony show okay plan, because that'll probably be a little shorter than the procedures and Rezo writing.
I'm, going there right now and are we looking in this month or should we wait until I think we should wait until June after the full board anyone else for suggestions, they're attending full board for the first time right there, Tipton yeah mm-hmm makes sense to do it.
I think we should Susan, because then that way it says all focused: okay, yeah, okay, Joe moved over and talked set up an amazing document that I was going to share with you guys, but I seem to have closed it.
What's I bring this up because I do what we're going to do is Susan is gonna believe, take this document out to her district managers meeting and to see if we can sort of beef it up a little with kind of who's responsible for doing social media.
Thank you, Joe yeah I was going to ask that I know.
The way it is now I would like to ask just if we could do one thing: if it's possible I was looking, you know some of the posts.
It seems to be very limited on what shows on a post before you, click more and I was looking today at the Transportation Committee one and started off like with open streets, and then, if you more it, then when you go inside it tells people to go the transportation committee meeting and I wonder if we could, as a general thing kind of reverse that order- and you know first, you know, find that people first yeah and get people to our board meetings, and then you know sort of promote why they should come and give input kind of coordinating, yeah that make sense, yeah I think it's also helpful.
Susan I think that this came up also with some of the other stuff that you were forwarding for posting and that you know it's helpful to let to let Joe, know and Taji know sort of what you want that like.
We are not having a meeting in May and, as I reported before we're going to be getting more a list of the you know, ask and budget priorities for many health and human services organization, although mainly in the Asian community, but the other interesting thing that came up is that on some of the I think it was mainly in the settlement.
We really need to consult the committee, but you know we're meeting this week.
But we need to consult the exact, because if you're going to be you're asking for things not to be heard in other committees and be on this committee, I think that's a discussion of the exact okay.
So the issue is there: we need to decide what committee is most appropriate for this building's renovation to be heard by and what it sounds like you were saying.
Why I'm asking questions because, like for example, of basketball city, which is actually the same type of big ugly boxy structure, has a design change which they will come before us because they want to put a sign up there?
Do you think this should come to your committee or are you okay?
Don't have either for against if it comes to my committee, I'm fine, if it doesn't have time but I do think that we need to think about this, because there are a lot of structures along the waterfront which are typically going to Park waterfront, because they're actually on a pier, as opposed to being on solid ground.
Considering the timing I'm, not you know it's not that big a deal but I think that if we're going to have a parks, waterfront resiliency, because I imagine designers, also talking about resiliency that we kind of need to keep that under the water project.